Day 1: The Pool

Author: Elk_Vegetable

*000*2026-01-06 13:15

20:33 on Sunday, May 2nd, XXXX

Evelyn was still amazed that she had won, so much so to the point that she had spent most of the day in a daze, looking at the garage where her trophy was stored, George made sure the kids were taken care of throughout the day so she could relax and enjoy herself.

As George started to put the kids to bed, he heard Evelyn in the bedroom getting changed, but he knew she wasn’t going to sleep, she was going downstairs to their basement pool, it was one of her favorite places to relax at night as it was warm and she felt weightless in it, she stepped out of the bedroom in nothing but a red lace-up one-piece swimsuit and walked down the stairs unbothered.

George finished putting the kids to bed and changed into his grey swimming trunks and went downstairs to join Evelyn in the pool, he saw her resting on the stairs to the pool, mildly annoyed at the lace-up strap in the back of the swimsuit, seeing her husband she looked at him,

“Do you mind helping me lace this up?” She asked, looking up as George walked behind her and tied up the swimsuit, secretly double knotting it without her realizing.

“There you go darling!” George finished tying her swimsuit and kissed her neck, she chuckled softly as he pulled her deep into the pool where she could just barely stand on the tip of her toes. She was used to this from her time as a ballerina and quite enjoyed the pressure on her toes when standing en pointe, especially when her husband was next to her holding her in his arms as they rested in the warm water. George on his part had his hands running along her back, his nails lightly tickling her spine, eventually his hand moved lower onto her tailbone, then under her crotch and his hand pressed her lower abdomen right around her bladder. He asked her with a soft, sultry voice, “How was your day honey?”

“Good, I just relaxed and read my book, watched a show I needed to catch up on, admired my trophy.” She said that last part with a slight giggle in her voice and a seductive kiss onto his chest. “How about you babe? How was your day? Any trouble with the kids?” She asked him, pressing a soft kiss into his jaw.

“Mm… my day was good, I watched the kids, we went to the park, I made lunch and dinner for them, then I put them to bed, the day was uneventful overall, did you remember to use the toilet today?” George asked with a playful tone, knowing that she sometimes didn’t go for a full 24 hours sometimes due to her massive bladder. He knew she hadn’t given her reaction to his question, a short pause in kisses before she shook her head as he kissed her forehead and massaged her bladder. “Wanna start training for next year?” He asked, knowing she would be eager to keep practicing to make sure she could keep winning next year, maybe even cleaner than her embarrassing win this year.

“Absolutely, what did you have in mind?” She asked her legs suddenly clamped around his hand massaging her bladder. She must’ve drank more than she remembered because her bladder was about 90% full already and she hadn’t even drank a drop of diuretic. She looked at his clean shaven chin as he chuckled at her reaction.

“Already squirming love? In that case I’ll save my original idea for another day.” He said, putting the bottle back in his swim trunks “how about this, if you can drink 1 liter and hold it for 30 minutes while doing whatever I say, you win. No leaks though, so, how about that?”

“Fine, I’ll win, you know I have an iron bladder.” Evelyn smirks as she says this and grabs the water bottle sitting by the pool and drinks the whole thing as George keeps pressing in her bladder, after 5 minutes her legs his hand which is now massaging her bladder, she mumbles out “fuck babe, I really should’ve gone earlier…” She blushes and kisses his chest.

“Alright, now stand with your urethra in front of the pool return jet without leaning on me.” He commands her, excited, giving her one last tickle on her bladder as she moves in front of the jet, she has to start standing on her toes en pointe by herself again, the water rushing against her urethra. The pressure made her legs shake as she gasped, adjusting to the new pressure, with 25 minutes to go she had to just try to hold it and stay on her toes, still she was sure she could win.

Seven minutes later she was struggling to stay en pointe and suddenly she fell to a regular stand just for a moment before going back en pointe, she was deeply embarrassed by this as this was one of the things she prided herself on, never falling from en pointe, as she blushed deeply and George teased her, “did you really fall?”

“Sh-shut it…” she replied, blushing harder and holding her bladder through sheer will, the wet of her hair and head having to stay above the water was cold and it made it harder to hold as she felt the pressure increasing. She held it for the next 13 minutes and finally George told her,

“Alright, 5 minutes, now get out of the pool and hold it, no drying off.” She panicked a bit knowing what George knew about her, she slowly got out of the pool standing, her entire body cold and shivering wet, 5 minutes, and then she could rush to the toilet. 4 minutes pass and she’s damn near bursting her, well, dam. As the seconds ticked by her husband started counting, “10, 9, 8, 7” she felt a bead of urine escape onto the outside of her red swimsuit, she pressed her hands into her crotch while bouncing from foot to foot, “6, 5, 4” she felt a second bead, she crossed her legs around her hands holding herself tight, hoping to stop it. “3, 2, 1…” Just before he could get to zero she burst, a torrent of pee exploding onto the concrete floor through her hands and running down her legs, Evelyn blushed even harder, moaning with relief and George watched in awe, seeing how she failed just milliseconds before victory. She fell to her knees after the stream had finished.

“So close babe!” George teased her a bit more before helping her to her feet and sitting her down on a chair with a towel, he quickly cleaned up the pool mess with practiced efficiency, then he took her to the shower, as they were getting undressed to shower together he whispered in her ear seductively, “you were so cute” which only made her blush more as she responded,

“Sh-shut it….” She kissed him and they entered the shower, running with warm water.

21:50

*002*2026-02-08 12:20

{{On 1/10/2026 at 10:01 AM, susiakanJ said:

Really nice there will be another part?

}}

Yes, just as soon as I finish writing it, so it could be a while.

