Holding for your Alpha (omegaverse story)

Author: ElizabethScott

*000*2019-04-30 11:41

Premise: An alpha of unspecified gender is making their male omega hold his pee all through their sexual activity. The omega really has to go but he is really into his alpha dominating him and torturing his poor little bladder, so he submits....

All you need to know about this variation of omegaverse is that male omegas have a vaginal opening between their penis and anus. Instead of testicles, they have kind of a large, fleshy vulva area, a bit more pronounced than a real world female vulva. Female alphas (if that's what you read the alpha as) have an anatomy that typically resembles women in real life, but they're a bit taller, and when aroused, their clitorises extend to penetrate- and because they're alphas, they're BIG and they can knot. Male alphas (again, if that's what you read the alpha as) are your standard omegaverse male alphas. Big dicks, knotting and whatnot.

>>>

"Just keep sucking"

The omega did as his alpha commanded from his kneeling position. His bladder ached for relief but nonetheless, he continued to service his alphas hard, pulsating length. With his hands, he squeezed on his own little omega cock through his pants between his legs, fidgeting as he did so. He was trying to ease his dire need to piss. Despite his desperation though, he was awfully aroused. His opening was throbbing and wet, while his dick was stiff between his fingers.

"Just like that.." the alpha let out a low moan as they began to move their hips back and forth, dominating their omegas mouth and throat, "take my cock..."

After several minutes of thrusting, pleasure, growing arousal and an increasing need for bladder relief, the alpha pulled out entirely and stepped back.

"Stay," they commanded with a sadistic smirk.

The omega whimpered but obeyed, as he squeezed himself tighter.

The pair was outdoors, in a rather secluded area. They were on a camping trip to get some alone time.

Stepping back just a few feet, the alpha adjusted their clothing appropriately before letting out a powerful stream of hot piss. It was the early evening and the weather was cool, so you could even see steam coming from it. The alpha moaned in relief and pleasure as they continued their extremely long and hard piss, greatly teasing their omega who wasn't yet allowed to set free his own stream. The alpha was still very much erect and even had the tiniest hint of a knot forming. The omega wondered if he was in for a good, hard fuck after this. As much as he desperately had to go, his arousal was strong and ever growing, and he was hopeful to have it relieved by his alpha.

His question was answered as soon as the alphas stream finally started to die down.

Kicking their pants away completely and quickly removing the rest of their clothes, the alpha was quick to get their omega on his back, quickly removing his clothes also, hungry to be inside of him.

The omega was panting, both with arousal, and the dire need to let go of his pee. The hands squeezing his penis were replaced by just one of his alphas. They just squeezed the tip between their thumb and forefinger to keep his straining urethra from leaking out any fluid.

With one hard thrust, the alphas huge cock was all the way inside their omegas dripping wet opening. The omega gasped in shock at how sudden it was. The alpha, still pinching his tip, leaned down to suckle his neck as he began thrusting back forth, quickly picking up pace.

The omegas bladder could hardly take the pressure of being fucked. His alpha pressing their body down into his wasn't helping, nor was the increase in speed and their growing knot; but as much as it hurt, it felt incredible. The more his alpha thrust into him, the more he needed to be filled with their knot, and with their hot cum; but GOD did he desperately need to release his bladder! The pressure of what was happening was already agony; being stuffed full with a swollen alpha knot and filled with their cum was a terrifying thought, and right now, there was nothing this omega wanted more.

>>>

So this is what I've written of this so far. I wrote it originally a few years ago when I was really into omegaverse- I do still enjoy it; I was just more into it back then after first discovering it. Its funny though, because this story takes place between a male omega and an alpha of unspecified gender when usually, I'm more into f/f stuff. Anyway though, I remembered this story and decided to have a go at rewriting it, because I've started writing again, which is something I haven't done in a while. Specifically, I want to start doing erotic short stories. I think it would be really cool to make little digital books out of them, with some accompanying artwork, and with my background in graphic design, I can lay them out to look really nice as well. I'm not a particularly great writer, but I'm certainly not bad, and I think they would make some good editions to my Etsy store hehe

Anyway, what do you guys think of this one so far? I'm also working on a piece where a forty year old psychologist tries to spice up her sex life by joining an anonymous sex club and encounters a younger woman who gives her the best orgasms she's ever experienced- it's actually turning out to be longer and have more exposition than I was originally planning, but I'm enjoying it nonetheless- that ones not an omo piece though hehe

*003*2019-05-02 03:51

Thanks guys!

