The God With a "Little" Bladder Problem

Author: EmeraldWaters

*000*2023-11-30 03:26

So this is based off of a story that I'm writing. The story has nothing to do with omo, but it has so many good opportunities for accidents. Though, writing for the public and not to be turned on, I didn't include any kind of desperation scene or anything like that. That didn't stop me from making a scene for myself, though!

Without revealing too much, it follows a human named Genesis who joins a race of God-like creatures. These Gods are stuck up, always putting humans down and commenting on how weak humans are, having physical needs and all. Genesis quickly finds himself among them in the temple, there's no place to eat, drink or even go to the bathroom and so he had to continually rely on the Gods to use their magic to eliminate such needs before he himself became a God and could take care of it himself.

Anyway, one of the Gods, Amos, is actually fairly kind and gets close to Genesis. Again, not really wanting to tell the whole story, the two find themselves split from most of their magic and the Gods so they have physical needs to attend to. That's where this takes place.

All the names have been changed and some things are intentionally vague/changed a bit so my readers can't recognize it. Maybe one day I'll write another scene from my story, but for now I'll just post this and see how it goes.

###

Amos sniffed, rubbing at his face as if to rub away his deep red blush. He sat on the side of his bed, a large wetness on his lap, a yellow stain on his otherwise pure white robe. A corresponding puddle shone on the bed next to him.

“Hey…” Genesis called softly, running his hands along his friend’s arms, finding their place in his palms. “Accidents happen to everyone.”

“Only to stupid human toddlers…” Amos protested, looking away. Utterly humiliated, his eyes could only look at the damage he had done.

“That’s not true…” Genesis soothed, getting up onto the bed. He didn’t mind the puddle. “Humans are trained from childhood to be able to hold it subconsciously. Your body though, it isn’t used to peeing. I could never expect you to be able to never have an accident.” He lifted his hand and wiped a single tear away.

“But even so, I’m an adult!” Amos protested, but Genesis wouldn’t hear any of it. He leaned over, his legs around Amos'.

“Sometimes, adult wet themselves too.” He replied. Amos was about to question him, when he realized Genesis 'own robe had begun to darken.

“Gen, what—“ he began in horror. The dark stain around his crotch quickly began to grow, a soft hisssssss of pee beginning to sound louder with each passing second. A stream was visible now, running down his legs and dripping onto him.

Genesis stared into Amos, his face turning red faster than his pants could dampen. He leaned into the relief that came with releasing his full bladder, letting out a sigh. Before Amos could protest more, he kissed him passionately, wrapping his arms around him.

Even more shockingly than Genesis willingly wetting his pants, Amos found himself leaning into the kiss, encouraging Genesis to continue. The blonde sat on Amos' lap, facing him as he tilted his friend’s head up to kiss him better. He was still peeing full force, warming both himself and Amos.

This put pressure on his weak bladder, and that combined with the influence of a warm, wet lap encouraged the God to lose control again. Together they made out while pissing, the sound roaring into their ears. Genesis pushed Amos over, beginning to kiss him all over as he pinned him down. Amos couldn’t help but moan, both in relief of no longer needing to hold the floodwaters in but also in euphoria. It was only when Genesis finished relieving himself, Amos still continuing, that he moved to look down on his bedwetting friend. “See? Wetting the bed is alright.” He smirked.

