Choice: Megan's Rough Morning

Author: exeloro

*003*2020-10-15 22:40

Part 2

RISE

Megan pulled on the locked door with her free hand. In the other, she desperately grabbed her crotch. No response from within. Just the sound of the shower running, which honestly didn’t help matters at all. She wasn’t getting in there unless she had a battering ram. She needed to freaking pee. Now! She shouldn’t have waited so long. Her shorts felt damp from the earlier spurt, and she was minutes away from losing control.

“Get a hold of yourself.”

Her desperation was making her frantic, clouding her judgement. But with all her strength she took a deep breath and focused. Somehow, she managed to wrestle back control. Her desperation subsided by a tiny amount.

She quickly tied up her long brunette hair into a bun and took a deep breath.

Thinking a bit clearer, she thought about her options.

She could continue to wait for Owen, but there was no telling how long that would have to be. Owen was notorious for taking long showers. Something Megan was particularly miffed about. She was raised in a 5-minute shower household.

She turned around and her eyes landed on the kitchen sink. There was always that option…

At that moment, Veronica’s bedroom door opened. Lewis stepped out, shirtless, and headed to the kitchen where he got the coffee maker started. It took Megan all her will to quickly stand up straight and avoid Lewis seeing her in an awkward predicament.

“Morning,” Lewis said from the kitchen. Oblivious to her plight.

“Hey.”

Megan prayed that he didn’t hear the strain in her voice. She leaned against the wall of her hallway. Then she realized… Veronica’s room was now open! She could dash inside and use her toilet! Salvation was within her sights once again. But as if the universe had read her mind…

“Oh, um, Veronica is having really bad stomach aches,” Lewis said. “She’s been in the bathroom all morning. She wanted to ask you if she could have some of your ginger ale.”

It took Megan a few seconds to process what Lewis had said.

“Oh, sure. Is she alright?”

“Yeah, just been sitting on the toilet all morning. I think it was some of the leftovers.

Her heart sank. Veronica currently occupied the only other toilet in the apartment. So there went that option. Megan’s mind went into overdrive. Her need to pee was under control for the moment, but that could change any second. She needed a solution. Fast. The way she saw it, she had four options.

- If Megan chooses to wait for Owen to come out of the shower, skip to LATCH.

- If Megan chooses to go back to her room, go to FLOOD.

- If Megan chooses to pee in the sink, go to ESPRESSO

- If Megan chooses to take her chances with Veronica’s bathroom, go to DUET.

FLOOD

A painful pang caused Megan to double over slightly and jam her hands in her crotch.

This was embarrassing.

She was mortified that Lewis could see her doing the pee dance, even though he probably hadn’t noticed yet. No sign of Owen ending his shower. If she went back into her room, she could hold herself as much as she wanted without an audience. It was the only way.

Megan reluctantly retreated back into her room and locked the door. Now out of sight from Lewis, Megan fully twisted her legs together and squeezed hard. She pushed her hands even further into her crotch and bounced up and down.

Her cheeks flushed red. She felt like a child who couldn’t wait to go potty. She was better than that, but she’d been pushed to her absolute limit.

At least no one else was around to see her pain.

Her thoughts cleared somewhat, and that’s when she heard it. The powerful rush of water.

It wasn’t her pee thankfully. But it was the shower. The other side of her closet wall bordered the bathroom, where the tub was placed. The walls in the apartment being paper thin, Megan could clearly hear Owen’s shower. As if she was in the bathroom herself.

The sound of the rushing water made her desperation that much more unbearable.

“Fuck. I gotta pee so bad!” Megan said out loud.

There was no doubt about it. This was the worst she’s ever had to pee her entire life. Worse than spring break two years ago. Worse than prom night. Worse than that road trip a few months ago.

Her eyes wildly searched the room for anything she could pee in.

She was at that point of desperation, where she was willing to rip down her shorts and piss in the closest container.

A quick scan revealed nothing to her. Both of her water bottles were in the dishwasher and she didn’t have any used coffee mugs lying around.

The shower head on the other side of the wall continued to spew, almost mocking her.

She only had one choice left.

With all her strength, she hobbled over to her dresser and pulled out her oldest and thickest pair of sweats. She then went to her closet and pulled out three bath towels. She laid them on the floor, one of top of the other.

With careful movement, Megan gingerly slipped on the old pair of sweats, one leg after another. Right over her shorts. As soon as it was on, she clamped her legs shut once more.

Megan had never intentionally peed her pants.

It was never a thought that occurred to her. She always believed she could go through her whole life without peeing her pants, because she was an adult. And living on her own. Making her own way in the world.

Yet there she was.

Standing over the towels on the floor. In three layers of bottoms. Her breathing labored. Bladder on fire. No options left.

“Oh my God. Ughhh…”

For a few seconds, nothing happened. Her brain sent the signals to let go, but her body refused, out of years of conditioning. But then –

A spurt escaped into her panties. Then another. Then a slow stream.

Megan bit her lip and shut her eyes in humiliation. She was really doing it.

“Ohhhh….”

The slow stream gave way to a heavy flood. Pee poured out of her and into her red sweats, turning them maroon. The warm liquid cascaded down her clamped legs and soaked her bare feet. It spread on the towels, soaking them as well.

Megan uncrossed her legs, and her stream intensified. It flowed with a muffled hiss from inside her cotton pants.

She felt the warmth between her legs, all down her calves and around her feet. She felt intense relief as her bladder emptied. She quickly placed her hand over her mouth to stifle the loud moan that came with that relief.

Still peeing, Megan slowly got down to her knees on the towel. Her legs felt sore from crossing them shut, and it felt like her pee was literally draining energy out of her.

After what seemed like several minutes, her hidden stream finally came to an end.

Megan sat on the wet towels, eyes still lightly closed. When she opened them, she took a deep sigh and inspected the damage.

Her sweatpants were completely soaked. Both front and back, all the way down the pant legs. The only dry part was around the garter on her hips.

The towels were all soaked through as well, and some of the pee had gone through to the carpet underneath.

Megan took a deep breath, as if she just ran a 100 yard sprint.

“I can’t believe I just did that.”

She noticed something else. The shower was off. Owen was finally done with the bathroom.

“Of course.”

Megan slowly got up and peeled off her bottoms. Her legs were soaked with pee. She’ll have to deep clean her carpet later that day.

“At least I can shower now.”

Megan was glad the ordeal was finally over. But deep in her mind, another thought had planted itself. A small sensation that formed in the midst of her flooding her pants. During the moment between ecstasy and shame. A thought that would eventually grow into a full desire:

She liked wetting herself.

- If you chose this route, the story ends here. This will be followed up in “Megan’s New Hobby.”

ESPRESSO

She was really gonna do this. She’d made up her mind. Her poor bladder was at its breaking point. It needed to be done.

Megan turned and carefully walked towards the kitchen, where Lewis was putting creamer in his coffee. She leaned on the counter and tried her best to hide her squirming.

“Want some?”

Lewis offered the coffee pot to her.

“Oh, no thanks. I’m good.”

Drinking more liquid was literally the last thing she needed at the moment.

Lewis took his sweet time. He was what you’d call your typical dude-bro type. Well-built, tall, and laid back demeanor. Seeing him expertly making coffee was slightly strange to Megan. He was a bit of a paradox. Then he reached for a frying pan…

To her horror, Lewis took out eggs and bacon from the fridge.

Megan needed to get him out of there. He just needed to go back into Veronica’s room, and then the coast would be clear. Megan could finally take her much needed, but incredibly risky, pee. It didn’t matter though. This was her plan and she was going to stick with it.

“Whatcha making?” Megan asked.

“Just some breakfast. Basic omelet. I can make you one if you want.”

“Tempting. You working today?”

Megan tried to sound as casual as possible. But there was no way to hide the slight tremble in her voice as her bladder threatened to explode.

“No, I called off work today cause they had low census. Good thing too. Veronica might need help getting over this stomach bug.”

“Aw, that’s sweet.”

Megan did genuinely think it was really nice of Lewis to be going above and beyond for Veronica. He was a sweet guy. But her current desperation made her statement sound curt.

“Might even make pancakes if I can find the mix.”

“No!”

Lewis looked at her quizzically. Megan reeled herself back in.

“I mean, shit. I forgot to buy pancake mix. It was my turn last time.”

Megan thought that was a terrible rebound, but Lewis just shrugged and cracked open some eggs in a bowl. She needed to think of something fast. The pressure against her urethra was downright unbearable.

If she knew anything about Lewis, it was that he would move mountains for Veronica. She could use that against him in this situation.

“Is her stomach ache really bad?” Megan asked.

“Pretty bad. She’s having headaches too.”

“She might need some aspirin and some pepto.”

“Oh, good idea. You have any?”

Megan put on her best poker face.

“I’m out.” In reality, she had a full stock in her room. But she wasn’t about to tell Lewis that. She felt bad about her deception, but this needed to be done. For the good of her underwear staying dry. Now came the tough part.

“But I think the Kroger across the street is already open.”

One of the main reasons Megan loved her apartment complex was that there was a supermarket and pharmacy right across the street.

Lewis caught on. A heroic determination grew in him.

“I’ll go buy some right now. I can’t believe I hadn’t thought of this. But..”

Lewis looked to the frying pan already set up. Megan nearly pounced at his hesitation.

“I can take care of breakfast! Go ahead. I got this” Megan said, trying a smile.

“You sure? Okay, thanks!”

Lewis quickly put his shirt on and was out the door within minutes.

Megan waited a few precious seconds, making sure he was truly out of the way. She couldn’t believe that worked. She felt bad, but at worse, they just got some extra Tylenol and Lewis would get to be the hero. Most importantly, Megan could finally pee!

She shuffled over to the sink. Owen was still I the shower and Veronica was still hopefully on the toilet in the other room. Now was her only window. Relief seconds away.

Megan carefully lowered her shorts and panties down past her knees. No time to be modest anymore. She turned around and hoisted herself up onto the sink, carefully balancing on the ledge. She braced herself against the bottom cabinet with her feet and held on to the sides of the sink. She wasn’t the kind of girl that would just do something so crude as to piss in a sink. But these were extenuating circumstances. Megan had to pee so bad.

Her piss practically exploded out of her. It sprayed the front rim of the sink with such force that the metallic ping seemed deafening.

Megan moaned involuntarily at the feeling of release. An incredible wave washed over her. She felt the rock that was her bladder slowly start to shrink as she expelled her liquids.

She regaled in those precious first few seconds of finally peeing, but then she noticed something.

On the kitchen counter next to the stove was Lewis’ phone. If there was another thing she knew for sure about Lewis, he never went anywhere without his phone.

Before that thought fully sunk in for Megan, the front door opened and Lewis rushed inside.

“Forgot my pho..”

Lewis stopped in his tracks. Megan was fully in his view.

“Oh fuck!” Megan squealed. Her knee jerk reaction was to quickly jump off the sink and hastily pull her shorts back up to cover herself. There was only one problem.

She couldn’t stop peeing.

The dam had burst, and there was no stopping the deluge. Pee continued to pour out of her into her shorts, soaking them completely as Megan tried to no avail to clamp her legs and muscles shut. Her pee splattered on the tile floor.

“No, no, no! Ohmygod! Ohmygod!”

She grabbed her crotch but only succeeded in soaking her hands. Lewis stared dumbfounded as Megan sprayed the kitchen floor. Her breathing quickened as she desperately tried to plug herself up. It was no use.

The bathroom door opened and Owen finally stepped out of the shower, wearing only a towel.

Without thinking twice, Megan sprinted for the open door, uncontrollably peeing the entire way. She stumbled into the bathroom and slammed the door, though it didn’t latch. She tore her shorts down as her pee continued to go everywhere, and she plopped herself down on the toilet.

The water below her splashed noisily as the rest of her pee drained out of her. Only now did she notice that the seat was up. Owen hadn’t put it down again.

Megan didn’t even care. Her pee slowed to a trickle as the bathroom door hung ajar. The outside of the toilet was wet with her pee, and she had left an entire wet trail leading all the way back to the kitchen sink. Her shorts were a dripping mess around her calves, and there was a small puddle around her feet. Megan let out a sigh more of defeat rather than relief. She had basically peed all over her apartment.

Lewis and Owen stood out in the hall, both in shock at what just unfolded before them.

Megan hung her head low. She let out one last spurt of pee, and she was finally finished. Using the sink was a terrible idea. Hindsight truly was 20/20.

- If you chose this route, the story ends here.

DUET

Megan turned and glanced at Veronica’s bedroom door. Perhaps Veronica was done using the toilet or Lewis was just playing up her stomach ache. Either way, it made the most sense to go for the only other toilet in the apartment. Megan felt her bladder spasm at the possibility that she could use Veronica’s bathroom. She squeezed her legs even tighter. If she was going to act, it had to be now.

With some effort she turned and tried to walk as normal as possible past the kitchen, where it looked like Lewis was starting up the stove top to cook some bacon and eggs.

“Hey,” Lewis said absent-mindedly.

Megan’s heart skipped a beat. For some reason she felt like a prisoner trying to escape and a guard had just spotted her.

“I’m just gonna go check on Veronica. See if she’s alright.”

“Ok.”

Megan didn’t need to justify herself to Lewis at all, but she felt compelled to do it. He just shrugged and went back to cooking.

Megan pushed open the door to Veronica’s room and immediately went back to gripping her crotch as soon as she was out of Lewis’ sight.

The bathroom door hung ajar. The toilet was positioned right across from the door, so from Megan’s perspective, she could partially see Veronica’s left leg and arm. She was still sitting on the toilet. Her pajamas around her ankles. Feel planted firmly on the floor. She also saw a bit of Veronica’s dark hair draped over her. She was bent forward, her face buried in her hands. The odor coming from the bathroom was strong.

Megan heard Veronica lightly groaning to herself as she moved her bowels.

Now, Megan didn’t consider herself shy. She would describe herself as someone with an average amount of openness. She grew up with a sister, and they would pee in front of each other all the time like it was no big deal. In high school, she felt comfortable enough to go pee in front of some of her closest girlfriends. But she never pooped in front of any of them, nor would she stay in the room if one of her friends had to go number 2. She managed to get through all of college without finding herself in that situation.

Yet, here she was. About to barge in on her roommate, who she wasn’t even that close with, just so she could relieve herself.

Megan assessed the situation in her head. She wasn’t about to go in there and just pull Veronica off the toilet. But maybe, just maybe, if she could convince Veronica to get off even for just a minute so she could attempt the fastest pee she’d ever tried, it would be mission accomplished.

She lightly knocked on the door.

“Hey…” Megan fired the first shot.

“Yeah?” a groggy and strained voice responded from the other side.

“You okay?”

“Megan?”

“Yeah. Lewis told me you were feeling sick.”

“Ugh. My stomach is killing me. It hurts so bad.”

“I’m sorry. I have some pepto if you want.”

“That would be nice. Ohhhh….”

A fart followed by a wave of diarrhea came out of Veronica.

Megan didn’t immediately know what to say next. An awkward silence followed.

“Um, can I come in?”

Another awkward silence.

“I guess. But I’m not sure you’d want to.

Megan carefully pushed open the door. She was greeted by a sight that she didn’t think she’d ever see: her roommate pooping on the toilet. Veronica sat on the seat, clutching her stomach and hunched over. Her pajama bottoms and thong were bunched around her ankles. Her hair was a mess and her face was twisted in pain.

Even then, Megan noted that she still looked sexy.

Veronica was a petite girl, which made for an interesting pair with Megan when they were out shopping or running errands. Megan grew up around school sports and quiet small-town Americana. She was very athletic and wore a basic amount of makeup. She was a full four inches taller than Veronica, who many might’ve said is her polar opposite. She was slender and exotic. Trendy makeup and fake lashes were her go-to style. She let her outfits speak for her, and she spent her high school days as a dancer for the school theater. In college she found her passion in dance choreography. Her skin was tanned from growing up in South Florida, and her hair always made a statement.

Veronica looked up with exhausted eyes at Megan.

“I’m never eating at that Italian place ever again.”

Megan forced a chuckle. She was uncomfortable being around her roommate in such a vulnerable position, on top of being seconds away from pissing herself.

It was now or never.

“Hey, um, are you gonna be done soon?”

“What? Why?”

“I really, really have to pee.”

Veronica stared at her. Megan realized she probably sounded rude asking that.

“I’m literally messing my guts out right now.”

Another barrage of diarrhea blasted into the toilet. Veronica groaned. A little bit of pee also came out of Veronica, and the tinkling sound sent Megan into a full pee dance.

“I need to pee!”

“Use your own damn bathroom!”

“I can’t! Owen’s hogging the shower again!”

“Goddammit Owen.”

Veronica adjusted herself on the seat as she continued her painful poop.

“Veronica, please! I’m about to pee myself!”

“I can’t just get off the toilet! I’m still messing!”

A large spurt of pee suddenly squirted out of Megan. The front of her shorts darkened from the wetness. It wasn’t stopping.

“Oh fuck! I’m peeing! It’s coming out!”

Veronica was still going strong. Megan frantically looked around. The dam was bursting. Her eyes fell on the bathtub, which was right next to Veronica and the toilet.

No other options left, Megan threw the shower curtain aside.

“What the fuck are you doing!”

“I can’t hold it anymore!”

Hours-worth of pent up pee was starting to explode out of her. Megan turned around and practically ripped her shorts down. She sat on the edge of the tub right as her bladder muscles surrendered. Hot piss sprayed out of her urethra as Megan leaned forward and braced herself for the flood.

“Ohhhhh my Godddd,” Megan moaned in relief. Her pee stream sounded like a high-pressure hose as it sprayed the inside of the bathtub.

She sat perpendicular and close to Veronica, their knees basically touching. Veronica could only stare at Megan, mouth agape, as she moaned in ecstasy as her bladder finally emptied itself. The loud stream filling the entire bathroom.

Veronica herself added to the soundtrack as she continued to poop noisily into the toilet.

A few minutes passed, and Megan’s stream finally slowed to a trickle. Veronica was at a break between the waves of diarrhea.

Both girls sat with their shorts around their ankles, panting from the energy they just spent. Their eyes meet.

“Holy shit, that was intense,” Veronica said.

“I think that was the longest pee I’ve ever taken,” said Megan, out of breath.

“Damn, girl. I think you filled the whole tub.”

“I’m surprised you haven’t overfilled the toilet yet. It smells so bad.”

Both of them laughed. For the first time they’re both realizing how ridiculous of a situation they were currently in.

“This like a scene right out of those raunchy comedies,” Megan said.

“Ha, that’s pretty accurate.”

“Sorry about your tub.”

“Psh. I piss in there all the time. Just run the water through.”

Megan turned on the tub faucet and watched as her pee drained away with the water. The exhausting ordeal was finally over.

“Hey, can you pass me some toilet paper?”

“Sure.”

One thing was certain. Megan and Veronica were definitely a lot closer as roommates after this strange, but memorable incident.

- If you chose this route, the story ends here. This will be followed up in “Megan and Veronica’s Wild Night.”

LATCH

Megan was a strong girl. There were times when her own strength surprised even her. Running track and being on the varsity volleyball throughout high school and college have certainly built up her physicality and stamina. She prided herself in staying in shape even after college, as she continued running on a regular basis once she had moved to her new apartment. However, the muscles she didn’t expect to be doing overtime at that moment were the ones keeping her bladder precariously shut.

It had now been nearly 12 hours since she last peed. An eternity ago in her mind. As she stood, legs tightly crossed, in front of her own locked bathroom door, she ran the different scenarios in her head. They all had their downfalls.

But she was strong. And she knew this.

All she had to do was hold on until Owen finished. That would be her best option. She could do it, and she started repeating that in her mind over and over again. There were a few times in the past where she’d held her pee for longer, but those time didn’t involve her having drank so much water beforehand. This time was definitely the most her bladder had ever held.

She wasn’t going to get bested by her bladder. Her shorts were going to stay dry, and she was going to make it into that toilet and take the biggest pee of her life. She stayed where she stood, not daring to move any more. The slightest movement could set off her bladder. Beads of sweat formed on her forehead from her concentrated effort.

She could make it. Any minute now she will finally get the relief she deserved.

Several minutes passed. Lewis had ducked back into Veronica’s room, presumably to check on her. The sink was free and clear for her to use, but Megan figured that time had passed. Lewis could return to the kitchen at any second. She continued to focus on holding. But then…

A knock at the door nearly broke her concentration.

Megan shut her eyes and ignored it. Not her problem.

The knocking came again. This time more urgent. Then a voice from the other side.

“Um, Megan? Veronica? The tow truck’s here.”

Megan’s eyes shot open. A panic suddenly rose in her. Her extreme need to pee was quickly superseded by a more pressing concern. Somehow Megan made her way to the front door and swung it open.

On the other side was Kristy, their 39-year-old neighbor. Wearing workout clothes and ready for a run. She was one of the first people to reach out to them when they first moved into the apartment. By all accounts, she was a kind and caring neighbor. She was also vigilant about the parking spaces, which had saved Megan on more than one occasion.

Their apartment building was connected to the parking garage, which had designated spots for residents and visitors. It didn’t take into account the new resident buildings that were just built, so there weren’t enough spaces for all residents. If you were to arrive late at night, all the spots would be filled, and you’d have to resort to parking on the outside at the other end of the complex.

This is what had happened to Megan on the previous night. She had come home late and every single spot was filled. She didn’t want to walk all the way across the complex late at night, so she parked in a service vehicle spot on their floor and vowed to wake up early the next day so she could move it before the tow trucks came.

Clearly, she had completely forgotten about it. Thank goodness for Kristy. She greeted Megan with an upbeat smile.

“Hey, I think your car is still in the service spot.”

“Oh my God! Did the truck already pass through?”

“No, it towed someone on the second floor. But it’s coming back soon.”

“Thanks so much Kristy! You’re literally a life saver.”

“Any time.”

With a quick wave, Kristy proceeded down the hall towards the exit. Commencing her run for the day.

Megan quickly grabbed her car keys and bolted towards the parking garage. It’s like her need to pee vanished as she made her way to her car. She didn’t even bother to put her shoes or a bra on, as she would be in and out quick.

She got to the garage and was relieved to see her old Toyota still in the spot reserved for service vehicles. She played a dangerous game parking there. With her rent and current unemployment, a ticket was the last thing she needed. This time though, it seemed she had narrowly escaped it.

She got in her car and turned the ignition. The old sedan struggled to get started.

“Oh no. Don’t do this to me. Not now!”

Megan turned the ignition again. This time the car rumbled to life. She had been putting off a maintenance check since that was too expensive, and it was starting to show. But at least the car started this time.

Megan backed her car out and moved it to a resident spot, as many people have left to go to work at this point.

She quickly turned off the engine and stepped out of her car. With that panic taken care of, her need to pee was starting to return with a vengeance. Megan hurried back to her apartment before she lost the luxury of moving her legs again.

“At least that’s taken care of. It even took my mind off peeing for a bit.”

Megan hoped Owen would be done by now, and she could finally sit her butt down on the toilet and put this whole ordeal behind her.

She reached her door and turned the handle.

Locked.

Megan’s heart skipped two beats as she remembered that the apartment doors locked automatically from the inside. To prevent strangers from getting in. A feature Megan liked about the apartment. But now it might spell her doom.

To add insult to injury, Megan’s keys were in her purse inside. She always kept her car keys and house keys separate.

“This can’t be happening.”

Megan pushed her panic down and tried to remain calm. Someone could just let her in. She knocked on the door. No answer.

She knocked again. Still nothing.

“Fuck, fuck, fuck, FUCK!”

Megan banged on the door. And still no one answered.

Owen was in the shower and Lewis was probably with Veronica in the bathroom. None of them would’ve heard Megan at the front door, begging to be let back in.

Megan was close to tearing up. She was seconds away from pissing herself as she stood locked out of her own apartment, barefoot and in her pajamas basically.

She took a few deep breaths and crossed her legs. She still had a few options. Her friend Marcel had an apartment in the next building. He would be cool with her coming in and using his bathroom. There was also the leasing office downstairs. They had bathrooms open to the public. Both were the same distance away from Megan, but in opposite directions. Her bladder spasmed suddenly. She had to make a decision now. The dam was about to burst.

- If Megan chooses to go to Marcel’s apartment, go LEFT.

- If Megan chooses the leasing office bathroom, go RIGHT.

LEFT

Marcel was a good friend of Megan’s. They were tight in high school and reconnected when Megan moved to the city. It was Marcel’s suggestion to check out this apartment complex when Megan and Veronica were still apartment hunting.

He was a chill guy and likely would be the best option for Megan to find a bathroom. It would be awkward, but Megan could live with that. She’d most certainly rather deal with a friend of hers than complete strangers down at the leasing office.

With a deep breath she set off to the left, toward Marcel’s apartment. It was one building over and one floor up. It seemed miles away, but Megan was still determined to make it.

She kept her thighs clamped together but being outside made her refrain from grabbing her crotch. Her walk was more of a waddle at this point.

Megan reached the other end of the hall and came upon the real challenge of this route: the stairs.

She paused at the landing and braced herself. It was just two flights up. No biggie. She just had to take it slow. Megan lifted her foot and got on the first step. Her bladder immediately spasmed at her legs coming apart. She quickly stopped and squeezed herself. Taking it slow was not a good idea. She leaned against the wall and gained back control.

With another deep breath, she power walked up the stairs as fast as she could. Her bare feet feeling the cold concrete with each step. Her bladder was clearly bulging now, and it was painful for her lower abdomen, but amazingly, she reached she reached the middle landing. Just one more flight to go. She went for a similar strategy, but halfway through, a spurt escaped onto her shorts. A substantial one.

Megan gasped, but stopping would surely bring the rest of the flood. She reached the top of the stairs and felt a streak of pee going down her leg. Her time was running dangerously close. Marcel’s apartment was just down the hall now.

She raced down it, feeling a smaller spurt come out which sent another streak of pee down her thigh. She kept her legs tight and her breaths short.

Soon salvation came into view. Apartment 4037.

Megan frantically knocked on the door as she rhythmically bounced up and down, trying hard to keep the rest of her pee from spilling out. She prayed Marcel was home.

At last, the door knob turned and the door opened. But it wasn’t Marcel that opened the door. It was Isaac. Marcel’s new roommate. The really hot one.

Megan had met Isaac only once before, when she was out at the bars with Veronica and they and run into Marcel. He had introduced them to Isaac, and immediately Megan was smitten of him. He was charming, kind, tall, and well built from playing basketball and growing up in a farm. He was starting at an engineering firm in downtown.

Shit.

Megan immediately straightened up and removed her hands from her crotch, hoping she did it in time to look normal. Standing in front of her was hunky Isaac, and she was standing there nearly pissing herself.

“Hey, Megan! What’s up?”

“Um, hey.” The shaking in her voice was apparent. From their first meeting, Megan felt a connection, and she thought maybe he was into her too. But that definitely would end if she just barged into his apartment like a crazy woman.

“You okay?” Isaac asked.

But then again pissing herself would make things even worse. Megan took a deep breath…

- Does Megan play it COOL?

- Does Megan go for being BOLD?

COOL

“I just figured I’d stop by and say hi.”

Megan’s cheeks flushed. This was off to a horrible start.

Isaac smiled good naturedly. That smile was gorgeous, thought Megan.

“Came all the way up here without any shoes?”

“Yeah, sometimes I just like to take a walk barefoot in the mornings you know?”

Her bladder was begging for release. She was at her very limit. It felt like a hot, heavy stone was at the bottom of her abdomen. Megan’s mind worked over time to try and find a way she could organically ask for the bathroom in their conversation. The opportunity wasn’t presenting itself so far.

“That’s cool. Yeah, I was just getting ready for work. Marcel is at the gym right now.”

“How’s that going? Seems like a really great company.”

“Oh, it’s been alright. Been playing catch up for the past week pretty much. A lot of their systems are hard to learn, but once you get it, it’s smooth sailing.

Isaac chuckled. Megan forced a laugh, which nearly made her pee. At this point she was sweating from all the effort put into holding. She was about to explode.

An awkward silence fell between them. Megan still trying her best not to look desperate.

“Do you wanna come in?”

“Yes! I mean, yeah sure.” Megan sounded a little too eager to answer. Her heart beat faster as she was that much closer to her objective. But she let that eagerness get the best of her. She had let her guard down, and that was enough to topple everything.

When she stepped forward to follow Isaac inside, that’s when it happened.

Mega gasped as a sharp hissing noise came from her crotch, followed quickly by heavy splattering on the floor. She had taken too big a step forward, and the floodgates burst open as a result.

“Oh fuck…” she whispered.

There was not stopping it this time. Hot piss streamed out of her pee hole, soaking her panties, her shorts, and the welcome mat that she stood on. She kept her legs twisted in a last ditch effort to step the flow, but it was no use.

Megan was frozen on the spot. The relief was immense, but the embarrassment was even stronger. Isaac stared at her, wide-eyed, as she peed her shorts for what seemed like several minutes straight. Neither of them spoke.

Finally, the stream weakened. Megan shivered from near orgasmic release. Her long legs glistened with pee as she stood in a lake of urine around her feet. She panted from having released everything, and her cheeks started to burn.

As she came back to reality, the extent of what just happened nearly crushed Megan.

Isaac was still standing in the same spot. Mouth agape. Speechless.

Any chances of getting to know Isaac better are ruined. She’d just had an accident in front of him like a child. Megan felt dizzy from embarrassment.

“I’m sorry. I’m so sorry…” Megan squeaked.

She quickly turned and headed down the hall, back to her apartment. Her walk of shame leaving wet footprints behind her. Her legs felt cold now that the wind had cooled her pee. She fought back tears as she reached the stairs.

At least she was empty now.

- If you chose this route, the story ends here. This will be followed up in "Megan's New Hobby."

BOLD

Her pent-up pee screamed against the walls of her bladder. The pain was the most intense she’d ever felt. She was gonna lose it if she didn’t sit on a toilet within the next few seconds.

“You okay?” Isaac asked.

Moment of truth. Megan thought, “Screw it.”

“I’m really sorry but I just got locked out of my apartment and I REALLY need to pee.”

She accentuated this by unashamedly crossing her legs and holding her crotch in front of him.

“Can I use your bathroom? Please, I have to pee so bad!”

She could see Isaac’s cheeks flush, but she didn’t care.

“Oh, um, yeah. Come in.”

“Thank you!”

Megan quickly hobbled into the apartment. She followed Isaac close as he led her into his room. It was a modest room. Not too much decoration or personality, but it was neat and cozy. The hallmarks of someone who had just recently moved in.

Isaac opened the door to his bathroom, where the toilet was in clear view through the doorway. It was as if a light from the heavens shined down on it, but it was just the bright bathroom lights.

Megan could’ve kissed Isaac right there for being her savior. She would’ve loved to have kissed him regardless, but there was no time. She was seconds away from losing all control.

“Ohmygod!” She said breathlessly as she hurried past Isaac into the bathroom.

Megan threw down the toilet seat and practically tore down her shorts. She plopped down onto the toilet, and not a moment too soon, as her pee furiously hissed out of her as soon as she was seated. Never before had she peed this forcefully. It was heaven.

“Ohhhhhhhh….”

Megan moaned in relief as her deafening pee stream blasted the water below. She sat with her knees together and feet apart. Slightly leaning forward with her elbows resting on her things. Her go-to pee position.

Her eyes were lightly closed and her legs wobbled as she felt the orgasmic relief. Her piss wasn’t letting up, still spraying like a fire hose into the bowl.

“Ahh. That feels so fucking good.”

After several seconds, Megan opened her eyes and realized Isaac was still standing by the open door. She hadn’t bothered to close it. Megan started feeling embarrassed, but her relief far outweighed that at the moment. His eyes were wide like saucers, and his mouth agape. But it wasn’t a look of disgust. More a look of astonishment. Or even… lust?

Megan regarded him and her suspicions were confirmed. Isaac had a raging bulge under his pants. Was he getting turned on by this? Maybe it was her heightened state of relief, or the fact that she’s already crossed the pee barrier with this guy, but Megan was feeling bold.

Her eyes met Isaac’s. It’s as if he couldn’t look away.

“Holy crap. I had to go so bad. I thought I wasn’t gonna make it.”

Isaac could only nod dumbly. Megan’s racehorse stream was still going strong. Echoing against the walls of the small bathroom. Megan gave him a naughty look and bit her lip.

“You like watching me?”

Isaac vigorously nodded. For some reason, that really turned Megan on. This hot guy was actually getting off on her peeing. She wasn’t about to let this go to waste.

With a sultry smile, Megan slowly opened her legs, giving Isaac a full view of her pussy as she continued to piss into the toilet. The steady golden stream was seemingly endless.

“You gonna do something about it?” Megan stopped, then restarted her stream. A tease.

“Fuck yeah.”

Megan felt hot and heavy. This was actually happening. At that moment, all she wanted was for Isaac to tear her clothes off and have his way. Her stream slowed to a steady patter, but Isaac was already taking his shirt off. She smiled wildly.

“Close the door.”

Isaac obeyed and shut the door behind him.

He then kneeled in front of Megan on the toilet. He reached his hand between her legs and felt the stream of urine splashing his fingers. Gently, he reached up and ran his fingers over her vagina, and Megan saw stars and fireworks. It was a sensation unlike any other, and she couldn’t help but let out a sound halfway between a gasp and a moan.

As he continued to work her, she leaned forward and sank her lips into Isaac’s, feeling his tongue in a deep kiss.

What followed would be several minutes of pure pleasure for the both of them, followed by an immense orgasm as Megan finished her pee with Isaac’s fingers deep inside her.

Megan got up off the toilet and kissed Isaac vigorously as they stumbled into his bedroom.

They spent the next hour in Isaac’s bed, in what Megan could only describe as the best sex she’s ever had. It was amazing. In a way, Megan was glad she held her pee for so long. She wouldn’t have met Isaac and his kink regardless.

Afterwards, as she laid next to Isaac on his bed, panting and drenched in sweat, she began to feel a familiar sensation.

She looked to the handsome guy next to her and bit her lip.

“I have to pee again.”

That was all he needed to hear. Both naked, they headed back to the bathroom.

- If you chose this route, the story ends here. This will be followed up in “Megan Goes on a Date.”

RIGHT

Marcel might not be home, so her best option would be the leasing office.

She’d have to get there quick. She was three floors up, the leasing office was at the very front of the complex, and she could feel another spurt coming on. Megan squeezed her legs together and took a deep breath. She could do this.

Quickly, she scurried over towards the parking garage, where the stairs were. The contents of her over-filled bladder sloshed around with every painful step.

The wind picked up and Megan felt a chill. Only now did she realize her attire. She would be walking into the leasing office, which could be filled with people, in a loose sleeveless shirt, no bra, old running shorts that she’s had since high school, and no shoes.

Megan prayed that there wouldn’t be anyone loitering in the office. Usually there would be at least one person behind the front desk. But was it too much to ask for them to step out for a coffee run? She could only hope -

FSSST.

Megan froze in place as she felt warmth between her legs. Another spurt had come out. This time it was bigger. She could feel a bead of pee as it trickled down her right leg.

“No, no. Please, no.”

She pleaded with the universe to let her last just a few more minutes. At this point, she had reached the parking garage and the stair well was in sight.

Megan then realized that going down the stairs might have disastrous results, especially with this latest leak.

Her eyes drifted to the left, where her car was parked mere feet away. She still held her car fob in her had. Maybe there was another way. She could take her car and drive down to the leasing office. It would be faster, and she could avoid the stairs altogether. She would just have to be careful with the speed bumps.

Megan stood with her legs tightly crossed. She was afraid to move. Her painful bladder could explode any second. Her eyes moved back and forth between the stairs and her car.

- Does Megan choose her CAR?

- Does Megan choose the STAIRS?

CAR

With concerted effort, Megan pivoted and hobbled towards her car. Better to play it safe. At this point, she’d been holding her pee for several hours. What started as a small annoyance as she fell asleep was now a gigantic snowball that was continuously expanding in her lower abdomen.

How she wished she could’ve just gotten up and peed last night.

She started feeling numb. Her bladder genuinely stung, and she was afraid she would develop a UTI from these shenanigans. Never again would she let herself get to this state. At lease she hoped. She’d only felt this pain a few times before. This was certainly the worst of it.

Megan sucked air through her teeth as she struggled to hold on.

She reached her old sedan and carefully stepped into the driver’s seat. Sitting back down after holding it this long proved to be a dangerous endeavor. Part of Megan’s mind wanted to think they were finally sitting on a toilet. It took all of Megan’s mental and physical strength to clamp herself shut and hold her pee back.

“Ohhhhhh Goddddd I gotta peee!!!”

Now in the confines of her car, Megan yelled her desperate need.

Rapidly cursing under her breath and leaning forward on the chair, Megan took the key and turned the ignition.

The car sputtered. Then nothing.

“What the fuck?”

Megan turned the key again.

Nothing.

“You’ve gotta be messing me.”

Her car was old, and it’s seen its fair share of engine failures and breakdowns. But this was literally the worst time for it to happen. Because of her expensive rent, Megan had put off taking her car in for service so she could save a bit more cash. Now, it seems that this was coming back to haunt her.

She tried a third time and the engine turned over… only to die again seconds later.

“Nooooo!! Fuck! Not now! WHY!!! Goddammit!!!”

Megan quickly had to reel herself back in with a few deep breaths. She nearly lost control of her bladder with her last yell.

She wanted to cry. It seemed like the universe was throwing everything in her way. Like she was deliberately being punished.

But she wasn’t giving up. Not until her pants were completely soaked or when she finally reached a toilet to sit on.

Megan knew that she could use the choke function on the car to get it started, but that was 50/50 and who knows how long she had to do that for before it could start. She then saw something out of the corner of her eye:

A small plastic smoothie cup. One she had forgotten to throw away from the other day. It was the size of a child’s soda cup, but it was better than nothing.

- If Megan chooses to keep trying the ignition, go to CHOKE.

- If Megan chooses to pee in the cup, go to SLUSH.

CHOKE

She could do this. She just had to hold on for a bit longer.

Megan pulled on the choke switch behind the steering wheel and turned the ignition once gain. Nothing. She tried once more, but again, nothing.

“Come on you piece of crap! Please! I need this!”

She pumped the gas and turned the ignition over and over. She flipped the choke switch until she was blue in the face.

Finally…

The engine sputtered to life!

It was the most beautiful sound Megan could’ve heard.

“Yes! Yes! Hell yeah!”

Without wasting a second, Megan put the car in gear and quickly backed out of the spot. Perhaps a bit too recklessly. Megan sped around the corner and headed towards the exit, following the standard spiral pattern of many parking garages.

This small victory was what Megan needed. Now with some of the stress cleared, she started to laugh at how ridiculously long she’s had to pee and the lengths she was now going through to get to that goal.

But now it should be smooth sailing to the leasing office. She would be in there and peeing in the bathroom to her heart’s content within minutes.

At least, in a perfect world that’s what would happen.

She was so engrossed in her victory that Megan almost didn’t see it. A speed bump.

She quickly slammed on her brakes, hitting the bump at a much slower speed. Though it still made the car bounce and her bladder along with it.

Megan squealed in agony as the sudden jolt threatened to open her floodgates, but somehow she managed to hold on.

As she continued through the garage, Megan was more vigilant. She got sloppy and careless, and it nearly cost her.

The next bump she saw from a mile away, and this time she was ready. She eased the car to a slow trot can got over the bump without so much as feeling a slight change in elevation. That was two speed bumps down.

The next bump wasn’t kind to her bladder either. She took it as carefully as she could but it still made a few drops come out.

Megan was exhausted from holding so much pee in, but victory was literally in sight.

The leasing office was several hundred feet away form the garage exit. She was almost there.

Her foot stepped on the pedal, yearning to get there faster.

And that’s when her car hit the pothole. The pothole right outside the parking garage exit that management has been promising to patch up since last spring. Megan’s car dipped low on one of its wheels as it hit the hole with a sickening thud. And that was all it took.

The violent jolt sent a spasm through Megan so sudden that she gasped.

And what followed were the floodgates finally bursting open.

Megan quickly pulled off to the side to try and hold it back, but it was no use. A loud gush came from underneath her.

“Oh no…”

Megan, mouth agape, looked down to see her shorts darkening in color as pee exploded from her between her legs. It pooled onto her old leather seat, completely soaking her butt and thighs.

It sounded like a muffled faucet as pee continued to pour out of her. Megan’s cheek’s flushed red, but there was no denying how immense the relief felt.

Megan’s eyes nearly rolled to the back of her head, and she rested her forehead onto the steering wheel with her mouth hung open in a silent moan.

She stayed like that for what seemed like minutes. The forceful stream flooded the entire driver’s seat, so much so that pee started dripping off the sides and onto the floor.

After a few more moments, the stream finally weakened, and Megan sat back up. She let out an audible sigh and inspected the damage. Her shorts and legs were completely soaked. So was the floor of her car. As she straightened herself in her seat, her legs squelched around at the lake of piss she was sitting on.

Megan felt humiliated and gross. She hadn’t had a true accident like this since middle school. But she also felt incredibly relieved. Her bladder still hurt from all the strain it was put through, but the feeling of emptiness she now felt was loads better.

What’s more, at least no one else had seen her have an accident.

Megan turned her car around and headed back to the parking garage, careful to avoid that damn pothole. As Megan sat in her pee-soaked chair, she started thinking about how she was going to clean all of this up.

That was a worry for another time though. Right now she had to figure out how she was going to get back inside her own apartment without anyone seeing her pee-soaked shorts.

- If you chose this route, the story ends here.

SLUSH

Megan quickly grabbed the empty cup and inspected it. She could already tell with the amount that’s threatening to burst out of her that this cup wasn’t going to be enough. But she didn’t have much choice did she?

Trying to choke the car could take several minutes. Several minutes she didn’t have.

She was going to have to do this.

Megan quickly scanned the garage outside. No one in sight. No cars. No people. Good. Her windows weren’t tinted, so anyone in the vicinity would clearly what she was doing. She quickly yanked her shorts down to her ankles.

With another paranoid glance around, Megan careful lifted herself with her legs and hovered over the driver’s seat. She quickly placed the small cup directly under her exposed vagina. With her other hand, she placed against her door, keeping balance.

This wasn’t the first time Megan had to pee while in her car, but during all of those times, she had a much bigger container and much less liquid inside her.

A strong spurt suddenly burst forth, only half of it making it into the cup.

“Dammit!”

Megan frantically readjusted herself and let her muscles relax.

Another small spurt came out. Then another. This time mostly hitting the cup. Then, a thick rope of pee arced out of her urethra and splashed into the cup. The force splattered pee on Megan’s hand and her car seat.

She didn’t feel the relief at first. Between the stress of aiming it into the small cup and the strain of balancing herself in a high squat, Megan worked up sweat.

However, as more pee emerged from her, she started to feel the immense relief –

Which she quickly had to cut short because the cup was already full.

Megan had to plug up the flow with a pained yelp. Her stream had just began to really come out when she stopped. Quickly she opened her car door and dumped out the contents of the full cup onto the pavement. Wasting no time, she shut the car door and got back into position. She could only hold her stream back for a few seconds to empty the cup before she would lose control.

Once again, her pee flowed. The relief was immediate this time.

“Ahhhhhhhhhhhh…”

It felt incredible. Her bladder deflated like a balloon.

A few seconds later Megan had to stop it again, as the cup was overflowing. She quickly poured it out of the car and place the warm cup underneath her.

The sound of a door opening made her seize up.

A middle-aged couple entered the garage. Thinking quickly, Megan sat back down on her car seat and placed the cup on the floor. With any luck, they would quickly be gone. To her horror, the car right next to hers beeped in response to the couple’s keys. They were heading straight for her.

In her back seat was an old hoodie, and Megan quickly grabbed it and draped it over her exposed legs. She tried to act nonchalant and pretended to look through her glove box as the couple approached their car.

Megan hoped they wouldn’t see or smell the puddle of piss next to their car. Her vagina burned and ached as she struggled to hold on. It was a thousand times worse to hold in a stream cut short.

The couple boarded their car and started the engine, but they didn’t leave immediately.

Megan desperately crossed her legs under the hoodie, her shorts getting tangled around her ankles. She was in utter agony, but she still tried to keep a neutral face.

After what seemed like an eternity, the couple finally backed out of the parking space and drove off.

Megan quickly threw the hoodie off and brought her legs up onto the chair. She got into a full squat in her car seat and immediately resumed peeing in the cup. She peed more forcefully this time, fearing that someone else could pass by any second.

Once it was full, she once again opened her car door a crack and poured the piss out.

She repeated this process four more times before she felt her bladder was finally empty. As she poured out the last cup, Megan let out a sigh.

It felt like she just ran a marathon. Her legs were sore, and her bladder was numb. Her head was still swimming from all the relief and the stress of the situation.

She carefully pulled up her shorts, not bothering to wipe. She didn’t have anything to wipe with and her shorts were damp anyways.

Megan got out of her care, careful to avoid the enormous puddle that had formed next to her car.

Regarding it, she couldn’t believe she was able to hold that much.

With another exhausted sigh, she headed back to her apartment. Perhaps someone would be able to open the door for her, now that her most pressing need was taken care of.

- If you chose this route, the story ends here.

STAIRS

- If you made it this far, stay tuned for an epic conclusion in Part 3!

*005*2020-10-16 04:27

Much appreciated!

