Emily's Desperate Detention (with updated art)

Author: entainwinter

*000*2023-03-07 02:54

March 26 update: (I hired an AI artist to train Emily's face, body, and clothing, and while it mostly was reproducible, we noticed that the AI couldn't quite get her top exactly the same each time, so sorry for the slight differences.)

Emily was eighteen, a senior in high school, and more gorgeous than ever before. Standing at 5'6", she carried herself with a grace that captured the attention of all around her — her petite frame outlined by the light of day, showing off her fair complexion. Her bright blue eyes peeked out from beneath her blonde tresses falling around her shoulders. Her breasts were small but certainly present, barely filling a hand, with delicate small pink nipples adding a subtlety to their beauty. Her long, beautiful legs never met one another as they reached up to her vulva, and they completed her graceful silhouette with every stride. No matter where she was, she stood out from the crowd due to her mesmerizing features, drawing in all those who took the time to admire her. With every step, Emily moved with an elegance and poise that was captivating.

Between Emily’s legs lay a delicate flower, just starting to open up and bloom. Her outer lips were soft and pink, like rose petals, with a hint of peach. They did not plump outward, like they sometimes do on thicker girls; instead, they complemented her slender body, smooth and inviting. The inner lips were smaller and a lighter hue, like the petals of a lily. They hugged the entrance to her core, and they would have been surrounded by a light tuft of downy, blonde hair, save for the fact that she kept herself clean-shaven every day. The hood of her clitoris formed the tall arch of this flower, with the clitoris itself like a tiny pearl, peeking out from its protective sheath. Further down, her opening was tight but enigmatic, awaiting exploration and discovery. Her hymen was broken, not from sex, but just from normal exercise and outdoor activity. In spite of her beauty, Emily was still a virgin.

And despite being admired and talked about, she was generally shy when it came to speaking with other people, especially boys. Most boys immediately assumed she was out of their league and never even tried to approach her, leaving her feeling isolated and alone. She knew that her shyness was holding her back, and that she wanted to do something about it. For months, she had thought about wearing more revealing clothing to help break the spell, and after some online searching, she had found a few daring outfits that caught her eye. With a newfound confidence, Emily decided to buy some of them.

She purchased a sheer top cut off at the midriff with a built-in bra in a blue color that matched her eyes perfectly. The top was designed to show off as much of her skin as possible while still covering her breasts. She paired it with a denim miniskirt that accentuated her legs, adding even more femininity to the outfit. The entire ensemble was a cerulean dream, and it had finally arrived in the mail. Emily was excited for the next day.

The morning before school, Emily realized to her dismay that she had left all of her panties in the wash. She scoured about her closets and drawers but to no avail. She knew that going commando wouldn't be the end of the world since she wouldn't be doing any dancing or anything like that; she would only be walking around and sitting. With a little push from her desire to be wanted, Emily decided to go ahead with the outfit anyway. She completed the look with a pair of stylish heels and some jewelry that sparkled in the light.

(Emily frantically searching her home for clean panties)

Before she left for school, Emily quickly got ready and hopped into her car, feeling a rush of cool wind that breezed between her legs. It reminded her again about her lack of panties, but the sensation gave her a thrill as well. She would have fun keeping her little secret today. Before thinking about it too long, though, she realized with a start that she had forgotten to do her usual morning pee, but she quickly understood why — the excitement of her new outfit and her search for clean panties had distracted her from the task. She wasn't worried though, as she knew she would have just enough time to visit the toilet before her first class.

Thinking that she would need the extra gumption and energy to wear her new outfit, she had brewed extra coffee and was forced to use an extra-large thermos to hold it all. She drove off to school, feeling more energized than ever as she drank it. When she arrived, she tossed the empty thermos into the passenger seat and stepped out the car. Her legs opened wide as she got out, but the car door maintained her privacy. She felt a pleasurable breeze of cool air again, and she walked into the school, feeling the eyes of her peers on her as she strutted through the hallways in her heels.

Her mind was focused on getting to the toilet before class. She still had all the pee from the night before in her bladder, and now the large coffee she had was quickly adding to it. She needed to get there soon, but still had enough mental power to take note of all the attention her top and miniskirt were getting. She could feel the surprise radiating off of her peers as they took in her daring outfit. She had expected there to be whispers and stares, but she hadn't expected it to be this intense. She started looking at the individuals around her, each one gawking at her in shock and awe.

All the attention distracted her from her swelling bladder, and when she saw one of her friends at her locker, she was distracted enough to tap her on the shoulder and show off her outfit. Her friend turned around in astonishment and praised her new look, bringing a smile to Emily's face. They got lost in conversation for a few minutes before the growing urgency to pee made Emily finally continue on her way to the toilet.

(Emily's best friend at school. I plan to write something about her later.)

But before she could take two further steps there, the one-minute warning bell for first period rang. Emily cursed under her breath. She wasn’t anywhere near her classroom, and her first-period teacher was an absolute stickler for being on time. She made a calculated decision: she would head to class first and ask permission to go to the toilet. The teacher was usually nice about that kind of thing. She pushed her way through the crowd of students all trying to make it to their classrooms, feeling their stares as they took in her daring outfit, but also feeling the bowling ball in her lower abdomen.

When she got to the classroom door, she was relieved to find that a few other students were also late. She blended in with the crowd; that is, until she stopped in the doorway. There, she was met with the eyes of all her peers, who were surprised to see her, or rather, to see that much of her. They had never seen her bellybutton before, or even so much of her attractive legs. She kept her head held high as she made her way to her seat, only the substitute not noticing her because she was writing on the white board. "Shit, shit!" she thought to herself; that was not the regular teacher! Her bladder was screaming at her, but she had to take a seat at her desk. As she sat down, the extra pressure from the sitting posture grew in intensity. She raised her hand and asked to be allowed to go to the toilet, but the sub, without turning her back, said that class just started and that she should have gone before class. Emily lowered her hand in frustration.

Emily couldn’t wait; her bladder was too full. She stood up to slip away from the classroom while the teacher was still occupied with the whiteboard. All the students were transfixed by her miniskirt and legs, which were glowing in a beam of sunshine. Emily worried that someone would say something and alert the teacher, but nobody did; they remained enthralled. She quietly stepped out through the door of the classroom and hastened down the hallway towards the toilets, her heart beating faster as faces looked out at her from various classroom windows.

(Sprinting down the hall, trying not to leak. Full-res version coming soon)

She tried desperately to move quickly while still holding back her speed enough to avoid making sound in her heels. More and more faces were staring at her from the classrooms on either side of the hallway as Emily rushed towards the bathroom, feeling the heat of embarrassment washing over her. She was desperate to get away from the prying eyes and to find a moment of privacy and relief. But it was not to be. Emily heard the principal's voice booming out in the hallway, and now dozens of faces were staring at her, including teachers in the two rooms on either side of Emily. She felt a sudden surge of panic. The principal, Mr. Smith, pointed a finger at her in a wagging motion, calling her to him. Emily walked to him with her head down, feeling everyone's stares as he led her into his private office at the back of the school.

Mr. Smith wordlessly closed the door behind them as Emily tried her best to contain her urge to pee. She had never endured such a strong need to go before, and the situation was only made worse by her anxiety about being in the principal's office. Mr. Smith looked her up and down, taking in her outfit.

(Emily in the principal's office as he looks her up and down.)

“You shouldn't be dressed like that, young lady,” he said with a disapproving shake of his head. She knew that he was right, of course, and suddenly, her normal sensibilities flooded back into her mind. She was all-at-once ashamed at her recent choices, but at the same time, she was overwhelmed by her full bladder and urgent need to relieve herself, a pang that was becoming more and more difficult to put off. Despite the pressure, she was too afraid to speak up or even look at him.

(another shot with the AI getting her outfit slightly different. Again, apologies for the inconsistencies.)

A moment of silence followed, and when Emily could wait no longer, she finally did look up. It was at this moment that she noticed a certain twinkle in her principal’s eyes. It was something she had never seen before. At seeing her dressed as she was, Mr. Smith had apparently sensed a change in Emily, and it showed on his face.

“I believe that today might be a good day to explore this new side of you, Emily. There are certain aspects of adulthood that I see you are just beginning to understand. I can help you learn more.” He spoke calmly, but there was a hint of excitement in his words.

Emily felt a spark of excitement of her own, as well as anxiety, as she considered his offer. But then, he put a hand on her shoulder and slowly but firmly pushed her back toward the sofa in his office, and she quickly realized that it wasn’t an offer at all. She stumbled backwards into it, just barely containing her flood, but as she rolled all the way back onto the large couch, Mr. Smith stood between her open knees. Her bare vulva, sans underwear, was open and exposed, and she couldn't close her legs with him standing there. Emily’s face turned beet-red as he smiled knowingly and said softly, "It looks like you're ready to learn something new today." Emily felt a rush of heat spread through her body as she realized what was happening.

(Emily splayed back on the furniture, somehow still holding it in. Full-res version coming soon)

Emily was also fighting a losing battle as her bladder swelled and ached, now near to its bursting point. Mr. Smith kneeled down and gently pried her legs open, revealing her delicate, youthful anatomy. He stared intently, taking in the sight of her privates up close. Her inner labia were small and thin, with hardly a wrinkle at all, Mr. Smith was amazed at how young this part of her body looked. He blew on her moist genitals lightly, sending shivers of pleasure through Emily's entire body. She wanted to give in to the sensation, yet she was consumed by the desperate urge to pee. She was frozen, her mind desperately searching for a way out of her predicament.

Mr. Smith slowly brought his face closer to Emily's folds, his tongue lightly flicking her delicate, unblemished petals as his lips softly kissed them. He explored her with slow, methodical precision, taking in every inch of her delicate femininity. His tongue circled around her, over her clitoris and around her inner labia. His breath was warm and inviting, and it sent tingles of pleasure up through her core. Her body was in turmoil, torn between the conflicting desires of pleasure and relief. Mr. Smith continued his exploration, his tongue slowly and roughly grazing her most sensitive parts.

Every move was calculated and precise, as if he was determined to bring her to the brink of pleasure. Emily's body burned with desire and anticipation, yet the fear of losing control kept her on edge. She was caught in a state of blissful agony, her mind and body warring against each other as the pressure in her bladder built. She was so close to the edge, and yet so far away. She had no idea how she was going to make it out without emptying herself onto Mr. Smith’s face.

Emily desperately wanted to speak up, to tell Mr. Smith to stop before it was too late. But she couldn't find the strength in the moment to do so. Finally, her voice broke through the silence as she called out. But before she could get a complete word out, he raised a finger to her lips to shush her. She whimpered in response, her body trembling with a mix of pleasure and fullness. She knew it was foolish to let him continue, to not pull away harder, but she could not resist the sensation of his tongue on her. As he lapped at her, she felt herself being drawn closer and closer to a feeling, an new yet powerful feeling. Her body was in ecstasy, her mind was in a tumble. She wanted to surrender to the pleasure, but her bladder was bursting and she was terrified of the consequences. And though she didn’t know it yet, everything was only about to get even more intense.

Mr. Smith inserted his finger into Emily without warning, and she gasped as the sensation hit her. It was a strange feeling, for she had as yet never even had so much as a tampon inside of her before, yet in the moment, it felt so natural. She felt the pressure inside her as he moved his finger around, exploring the walls of her vagina. When he explored upwards toward her bladder, she whimpered again, loudly. Mr. Smith heard this, and he repeated the motion, slowly but firmly, each press on her bladder through her vaginal walls sending Emily to places she hadn't dreamt existed before, both heavenly and hellish.

He brought his face back to Emily's clitoris and suckled on it while brushing against it with his tongue, sending jolts of pleasure from two sources coursing through her body. She felt herself being drawn closer and closer to the brink of climax, but the pressure in her bladder was reaching a critical point. She was seconds away from bursting, and if Mr. Smith didn't stop soon, she would lose control. She tried to push him away, but her body betrayed her and she couldn't resist the pleasure any longer. She let out a shuddering moan as she felt her first orgasm building, the pressure in her bladder overpowering her at the same time.

Emily screamed out that she was about to pee herself, but Mr. Smith didn't listen. His finger moved deeply into her vagina, arching upward in a “come-here” motion again and again, hard, pushing her closer and closer to the brink of climax but also the loss of control. She felt her body shaking and her muscles clenching as she tried to hold back the flood, but it was too much. She let out a new scream as she finally lost control and her bladder opened momentarily, her orgasm crashing into her and sending her into a state of blissful pleasure. The intense sensations coursed through Emily's body like a river bursting its banks in more ways than one.

Her entire being felt alive and electric, as if every nerve was firing off in a wild frenzy. She felt her muscles tense, her heart racing, and her breath quicken as a single squirt of urine shot out of her. She was completely lost in the moment, her body trembling and quivering with pleasure, the intensity of the sensation too much to bear. She screamed out in ecstasy as her orgasm finally reached its peak, and she felt a wave of relief wash over her, but the relief was not complete. In fact, the relief was barely there at all; she had somehow managed to hold back most of the contents of her bladder.

Mr. Smith took a handkerchief from his pocket and gently wiped the urine from his face, his eyes blinking open after a few swipes across his brow. He looked intently at Emily, his gaze unwavering. She felt a renewed thrill run through her body at his stare, but also a deep sense of shame at both the pleasure she had just experienced and the fact that she had just squirted some pee on his face. He then asked Emily if she had had to pee before they entered his office, to which Emily nodded a silent yes at him, her cheeks burning with embarrassment. Mr. Smith then asked if she still needed to pee, and she nodded again, her eyes avoiding his gaze, and at this, he smiled again, a slow, mischievous smile. He looked around at the wet spots on his sofa and carpet of his office, dropping the smile and shaking his head before turning back to her.

“Tsk tsk tsk, young lady, look at what you have done to my office.” Emily could feel her embarrassment deepening as she looked around at the wet spots on the sofa and carpet of Mr. Smith's office. As punishment, Mr. Smith told her, she would have to spend the rest of the day there in detention. She was not to leave for any reason. Emily felt a pang of anxiety at the thought of being stuck in the office all day, especially considering that her bladder was still full and uncomfortable.

“But I still need to pee, quite badly, in fact,” she finally admitted aloud. The ache in her bladder, though barely improved from minutes before, was still strong enough to urge Emily to speak up.

“Good. I think you’ll be getting a sorely needed lesson on self control today, my dear.” He stood up and left the room, locking the door behind him. Emily got up to try the door, but it was no use. His office was located at the far end of the annex, and his secretary’s desk was many meters away and through two sets of doors. Emily wouldn’t be heard even if she screamed.

She looked around the room, taking in her surroundings. She noticed the art on the walls, mostly paintings of landscapes and seascapes with a few abstract pieces mixed in. She noted the papers strewn across the desk, with a few scribbled notes and drawings of diagrams. There were also a few books scattered around the desk, on topics ranging from philosophy to economics. She also noticed the furniture in the room, all of which was comfortable and inviting. There was the plush leather couch that she had just partially soiled, a few armchairs, and a coffee table with a few magazines and a bowl of real fresh fruit and some bottles of water.

There was something else that caught Emily’s eye. On the corner of his desk, there was a small photograph of an Asian girl. She was standing with one hand holding her crotch through her dress, and it looked like she urgently needed to pee. Her other hand was on her lips, and she looked as though she were asking for permission. Emily couldn't help but wonder about this photo, and it reminded her of her own predicament; she still needed to pee. The single squirt of urine that Mr. Smith’s fingers elicited was quickly being replaced by the coffee she had on the way to school.

She tried to put that out of her mind as she looked further about the room. Her gaze next fell upon the computer screen, which had a recent search term for something called Omorashi Gaman. Emily didn't know what it meant, but it sounded Japanese. She couldn't help but be curious. She wondered if it had something to do with the photograph of the young girl holding herself, and if Mr. Smith was interested in this type of thing. She clicked on the link.

[To be continued.]

I'm getting more art commissioned as we speak to be sprinkled throughout the rest of the story. Please check back again soon!

(Other variants of her outfit)

(Yet another variant.)

*004*2023-03-10 23:34

I asked an AI app to make a realistic depiction of Emily.

Here's what I input: "blonde girl, 18 years old, blue-green eyes, denim miniskirt, beige sheer top"

I think it's way more fun to imagine this girl as I write and read the story. 😉

*006*2023-03-11 21:00

It's called imagine. There's a bunch of AI image generating apps like it though.

*008*2023-03-13 06:43

This is a prequel of sorts. Below are the details of a dream Mr. Smith had the night before encountering Emily in her miniskirt.

Mr. Smith was a vile man, a villain, and he knew it. Somebody had to play the role of evil in the world, and he figured that he might as well indulge himself while going about it. Every day, he would inflict upon his female students an unbearable time at school. He would make them stay in their seats, regardless of the discomfort, and deny them the relief of going to the bathroom. He seemed to take pleasure in the sight of the girls shifting in their chairs, their expressions filled with anguish as they tried to fight their urges. His menacing gaze seemed to keep them rooted to their spots, as if an invisible force was pushing them down. His eyes seemed to penetrate their souls, causing their bodies to contort in pain. Mr. Smith was a tyrant, and the female students were scared to even look at him.

The boys in the class were treated differently from the girls. Mr. Smith never seemed to be unkind to them, and he would always let them go to the bathroom when they needed to. Meanwhile, the girls were still forced to remain in their seats, their faces often sweating as they desperately tried not to wet themselves. Mr. Smith’s double standard was clear, and it only made the girls more resentful of him. He seemed to take pleasure in their suffering, his cruel gaze never leaving them as they squirmed in their chairs. The boys, on the other hand, were granted more freedom, and they were allowed to move around the room and take breaks as they pleased. The contrast between the two groups was stark, and it only made the girls more aware of the unfairness of their situation.

One morning, Mr. Smith made a new rule: any girl who showed even the slightest hint of needing to go to the bathroom would be forced to strip down naked in front of the class. The boys in the class were excited about the new rule, and Mr. Smith had a smug smile on his face as he announced it. The girls were horrified at the thought of having to endure such humiliation, and the tension in the room was palpable. They had to keep their eyes glued to the ground, their faces somehow still neutral. The girls were scared and desperate, and they knew that if they didn’t obey their teacher, there would be dire consequences. Mr. Smith seemed to take pleasure in the girls’ distress, his eyes glinting with malicious glee as he watched them do their best to avoid squirming in their chairs. The girls were trapped, and they felt powerless.

The next day, Mr. Smith made a further disturbing announcement: he ordered all of the female students to drink a liter of coffee at the start of class. The girls were horrified, their hands shaking as they tried to hold the cups steady. The bitter, acidic taste of the coffee made them gag, and they had to force themselves to swallow it down. The girls were especially affected by this, as they knew their bladders would be strained from having to hold it in all day. As the morning went on, they felt like their entire bodies were about to burst. They still had to maintain their composure, avoiding any display of desperation, but their eyes were wide with fear. Sweat dripped down their foreheads, and their hands trembled as they tried to control their urge to run out of the room.

Mr. Smith was being a tyrant, as usual, by keeping a close eye on the girls. He watched them with a menacing look, his eyes darting around the room as he looked for any visible signs. The girls had been petrified, knowing that if he caught them even glancing at the door, they would be punished. When the boys had asked for the toilet, he agreed to let them go as a group to allow him more time to observe there girls. As they returned, he noticed one of the girls squirming in her seat, her face displaying a glimmer of her agony as she desperately wrestled with her urge to pee. The coffee she had been forced to drink earlier had taken its toll, and the girl was in desperate need of relief. Mr. Smith's eyes glinted with sadistic glee, and fear washed over her as she awaited his verdict.

Mr. Smith’s eyes locked onto hers, and he spoke in a cold, calculating voice. “You. Stand up.” His voice was like a hammer, and the girl felt her legs trembling as she slowly stood. He pointed a finger at her and then at the floor at the front of the classroom. She stood up and shuffled to the front, by this time very obviously holding her crotch now that she had already been caught.

“Now strip.” The girl’s eyes widened, and her stomach twisted in knots. She could feel the eyes of the entire class upon her, and her cheeks flushed with embarrassment and shame. Her hands shook as she reached for the buttons of her blouse, and she had to force herself to keep them steady. Fumbling with the fabric, her fingers eventually found them, and she felt the shame rising within her as she undid them one by one. She could almost feel the stares of her classmates burning into her as she slowly peeled off her clothes. The light in the room seemed to dim as she exposed her bare skin to the air, her skin prickling with goosebumps.

She unbuttoned her skirt and let it fall to the floor. Her panties followed, and she felt her cheeks burn as she stood before the entire class with nothing on but her socks. As the seconds ticked by, the uncomfortable pressure in her abdomen grew. She was on the verge of losing control of her bladder, and the fear and humiliation were almost too much to bear. Tears streamed down her face as the shame and humiliation threatened to consume her. She felt her dignity about to slip away, and she stood there, naked and vulnerable, exposed and powerless.

The girl felt her heart sink even further as Mr. Smith spoke again. His voice was cold and menacing, and he pointed to his desk. “Lean back against the desk with your hands behind you,” he ordered. “And spread your legs open.” The girl felt panic wash over her as she complied, her legs quivering as she leaned back with her legs spread apart. She was exposed and vulnerable, and she desperately wanted to cover herself with her hands. Mr. Smith leaned down, his face inches from hers, and he spoke in a low, menacing voice. “I think you’re faking this need to pee,” he said. “But I can examine you from the inside to make sure. Don’t worry,” he added, “I’m only concerned with finding the truth about your bladder myself.” The girl was even more shocked when she realized what he meant. She was about to be violated in the most intimate way possible, and there was nothing she could do to stop it.

Mr. Smith produced his finger and slowly inserted it inside her. She felt a wave of humiliation and shame wash over her as she was entered, her entire body trembling, and tears streaming down her face as she felt her dignity slipping away. She was exposed and vulnerable, and she felt deep, primal sensations as he probed her. His finger pressed hard against her vaginal walls, searching upwards toward her bladder, and she felt her body tense up as she was masturbated.

She could feel her need to pee intensifying with every passing moment as his finger inspected her insides, and her stomach churned with the fear and embarrassment of the situation. She closed her eyes and tried to focus on something else, anything else, to take her mind away from the humiliation of the situation. But as he pressed his further and further inside her, she felt her body tense up, and her bladder spasmed back against his finger in her desperate clenching to maintain control. She felt her entire body shaking, and she knew there was no escape.

Her eyes passed over the room, taking in the shocked and horrified expressions of her female classmates. Her stomach churned with shame and embarrassment as the boys stared at her, their eyes roaming her body with an almost predatory hunger. She felt her cheeks grow hotter and hotter as she struggled to hold it in. The feeling of Mr. Smith’s finger working upward harder and harder was almost too much to bear, and she felt her entire body shaking with fear and desperation as she leaned there, exposed and powerless, her vulnerability on full display for the entire class to see. She felt degraded, and she wanted nothing more than to escape. She clenched her muscles tightly, willing herself to hold it in, praying that she wouldn’t have an accident in front of the boys. She felt her bladder bouncing against Mr. Smith’s finger, again, again, again, and again. Hot tears streamed down her face, and she knew she was powerless to stop what was about to come.

Smith's alarm clock suddenly woke him from his dream. He cursed at being awoken right before the best part of the dream could happen. He swore he would take it out on a student at his school that day…

*010*2023-03-14 21:34

{{6 hours ago, Daredare205 said:

I've yet to read the prequel, but the first part is amazing! Great work, really!

}}

Thanks! I just revised bits and pieces to make it read better, and I added new artwork in the original. Take another look 🙂

*014*2023-03-26 23:24

Check out the original story. I just updated the art. More is still coming 🙂

