The desperate maid

Author: Elyra 

*000*2021-05-08 14:23

Maybe I make a series about the princess, I don't know yet ^^ 

I am a princess of a country far away. I'm my parents pride, soft and gentle, as a true princess should be. 

But I have a secret. A very dark secret. I am not innocent. I am sadistic and like to make my maids hold for me. Especially when a girl just became a woman and starts discovering her body. I can't resist this. Sometimes I make even princes hold. Their pride won't let them tell me about their needs. It's so fun and arousing to see their desperation grow. 

Now I tell you about the ball we held some time ago. I had a new favorite maid. I noticed, that she was very shy around me, so I picked her to be my personal maid for that evening. Beforehand I told her what she had to expect. She looked at me like a puppy, when I told her that she can't leave my side, not even for one second. She haste my food and all my drinks to make sure I won't get poisoned. She felt honoured, didn't think about the meaning of this. And then the ball came. I called my maid and even let her wear one of my old dresses. I picked it on purpose, the corsage was very tight around the stomach. She was happy and accompanied me smiling down the stairs. I kept her always in sight, made her eat and drink. She was my pet. A pet, that started to feel uncomfortable as the hours went by. I saw the slight shifting and sometimes she even bent a bit over. 

I decided to raise her desperation and gave her signs to follow me outside. I led her to the toilet and told her to wait and stand guard. I left the door open, so she could hear me piss. I heard a whimper from her and saw her hands crumpling the dress „What's wrong dear?“ I asked her softly, playing dumb. She blushed „N-Nothing, your majesty. B-But may I use the toilet too please?“ I got out and looked at her in shock „Of couse not! This toilet is for my family! You need to use the one in the maids chambers, but this is on the other side of the castle and we have to go back to the ball. You must not leave my side for so long.“ she looked at me desperately „Of course your majesty.“ she took a deep breathe and forced a smile.

I took her hands „I can't be that bad, you barely drank anything. Maybe you're just dehydrated. I make sure to get a nice pot full of water for you when we're back in.“ the smile left her face and her eyes widened „Oh your majesty, please no. Really, my bladder is...“ she bit her lip and blushed. I put my hand on her stomach and pushed hard, making her wince and bending over „Oh dear, it's half empty, trust me. Your bladder has a lot of space left.“ I dragged her back inside and kept her even closer, made sure that she drank more and could hear the sound when the cups got filled. As the evening went by, I saw little pearls of sweat on her face and noticed she barely dared to move anymore.

Then I decided, it should be enough. I said my good bye and dragged her out of the room „I want you to describe it to me. How full is your bladder, how are you feeling?“ she took small steps „Oh your majesty, my bladder is so full, it feels like bursting any minute. It hurts to hold that much and I will be very happy, when I can finally use the bathroom.“ I smiled at her „Of course my dear. But first you need to help me get ready for bed. You won't let me wait for your personal needs, right?“ she bit her lip again, but shook her head „Of course not your majesty. My duty as your maid comes first.“ I took her hand and forced her to walk faster „Good, but if you walk in that speed, you'll never reach the toilet.“ she whimpered but tried her best to adjust to my pace. 

In my room she helped me get out of my dress and into my nightgown. Before she could leave, I took her hand „Wait my dear. This is my dress. We need to take it off.“ I loosened the corsage and she took a deep breathe „Oh that feels so much better your majesty.“ she smiled and I put my arms around her from behind „Really dear? Does your bladder still feels like bursting?“ she looked surprised over her shoulder „It still feels really full your majesty, but it's better than before.“ 

I smiled and put my hands on her lower abdomen. I could feel her bladder, not really hard, but surely uncomfortably full. I pushed hard and she squeaked surprised, slammed her legs together and bent over „You m-majesty, please.... No, please.... I can't hold it when you push that hard...“ this was what I wanted to hear. I dragged her to the bed and made her lie down. She panted, her legs still pressed together and now blushing too, realising that she was naked „Y-our majesty, what are you planning?“ 

I smiled „Well, I had fun at the ball, but the fun isn't over yet, dear.“ I took the carafe and filled a glass with water „Drink.“ she hesitated, but when she saw my strict look, she gave in immediately and drank. I made her drink the whole water, saw her stomach swell more and massaged it, so it would make its way into her bladder faster. She didn't try to resist me, just her look became more and more desperate. When I was pretty sure, there wasn't much water left that would move into her bladder, I asked again how her bladder felt.

She swallowed, tried to find the right words „Your majesty, it feels like every drop that goes into my bladder, hits it like a brick. It feels like every drop might be too much and I really have to focus to not let go.“ I smiled, this was what I wanted to hear „Then maybe I should help you dear and distract you from your need.“ I forced her legs to open and put my hand in between, one finger pressing on her pee hole „Does this help?“ she looked a bit confused but more relaxed „Yes, your majesty, thank you.“ 

I smiled and slowly started rubbing her clit with my thumb. She bit her lip, tried to suppress every reaction. But I saw her nipples harden and felt her leak fluids which surely were no pee. I couldn't resist and licked her nipples. She moaned surprised and a shiver ran through her body. I felt how much she clenched her muscles to hold her pee in and took my finger from her pee hole „No! Your majesty, please!“ she grabbed my hand in panic and pressed it again between her legs „This is what you want dear?“ my thumb went from rubbing her clit to her pee hole and pressed against it while my fingers played with the entrance to her body „Well?“ I asked and sucked at her nipple.

She moaned in lust, her hands grabbing a pillow. She didn't answer so I thrusted two of my fingers hard into her.“ she nearly screamed as I pushed like this against her overfilled bladder from the inside „Your majesty, please let me pee. I can't take it anymore!“ she was shaking heavily, but I looked strict at her „You can hold it and you will hold it. You will not pee, do you understand?“ she breathed heavily, lust and agony mixed together „I try your majesty, really, I try my best.“ I pushed again against her bladder and she whimpered and squirmed. The more she squirmed, the harder I pushed. I felt her bladder throbbing, could imagine how much she was dying for a piss. I wanted to test her strength, wanted to push her over her limits. I sat next to her, my fingers still deep inside her and massaging her bladder.

My other hand softly stroked from her breasts to her stomach, to that meanwhile hard bulge. I started massaging it from the outside now too and she moaned louder in agony and pain. Finally I took my hand away from between her legs and forced her to sit. I sat behind her, while she had both hands between her legs, holding on for dear life „No my dear.“ I took her hands away and pushed with both hands hard against her bladder. The fight was over before it even started. Her tired muscles simply gave up.

She screamed as the floodgates opened and she peed long and hard. I kept rubbing her clit while she peed and when her bladder finally was empty, she kept moaning and thrusted her hips against my hand. I made her cum and held her while she found her breathe again „Your majesty?“ she looked at me shyly „Yes, dear?“ she smiled „Your majesty... May I stay your personal maid?“ I looked at her surprised and she turned around and kissed me „Please your majesty. I would love more of such nights.“ I smiled and nodded „Very well, dear. Get the bed clean. As my personal maid, that is your duty too.“ 

