My Illegal Holodeck

Author: entainwinter

*000*2025-05-08 05:38

(fyi -- this is not AI. I created and rendered the character and the room in Daz3D and finished the image with a comic book filter.)

"Computer, begin recording my personal log."

*CONFIRMED -- RECORDING STARTED*

I'm sitting alone in my small ship at the edge of charted space. I have to be out here to do what I want to do without going to prison. Sentient artificial intelligence has been banned in androids for decades at this point; the same is true for using holodecks to create sentient beings.

With the addition of the newest holodeck technology, the laws have become even more stringent.

Oh, and this technology is incredible. Holodecks can now simulate individual atoms, molecules, physics, and all the rest. Any character created in the newest holodecks is arguably a living being, with flowing blood and brain cells actively forming a consciousness. As a result, the new laws have it deemed murder to use such holodeck technology to create characters, for turning off the holodeck ends any such being's life.

I had to sell all my properties and assets to outfit my small ship with a handful of these now-banned holodeck emitters. My ship's computer doesn't have enough processing power to create more than a small room and one person (simulating trillions of atoms is difficult for even the newest supercomputers to do).

I'm still going to do it, however. Does that make me evil? I'm not sure. The law says it makes me a criminal, but I don't think I'll be caught out here. More importantly, I'm not sure that I care. I have my own desires and fetishes that I wish to have satisfied by a living, breathing person, and I have literally given up my life's savings to have it. It's now time to enjoy it.

Let's begin:

"Computer. Activate the holodeck and create for me a human female, age 18. Give her a generic northern European appearance. Make her slender in build. Oh, and keep time frozen in the simulation until I tell you otherwise."

*CONFIRMED -- ONE HUMAN FEMALE, AGE 18, GENERIC NORTHERN EUROPEAN APPEARANCE. SLENDER BUILD. SIMULATION OF TIME IS CURRENTLY PAUSED*

Oh this is good. The simulation is paused, so the cells in her body nor the synapses in her brain haven't fired yet. I don't think I can consider her to be actually alive at this point. Hmm, how should I program her personality before I un-pause the holodeck?... And am I happy with her appearance? I plan on enjoying her for a while, so I want to get it right...

*001*2025-05-09 03:03

"Computer, run 20th century office environment A, single room. Also increase the girl's breast size by one cup size. Have her lean back against the desk. Keep the simulation paused."

*CONFIRMED -- ALL REQUESTED PARAMETERS HAVE BEEN CHANGED.*

...ah I almost forgot the most important part...

"Computer, additionally, fill her bladder to approximately 97% of maximum capacity and have her facial expression reflect the discomfort."

*CONFIRMED -- SUBJECT'S BLADDER IS NOW AT 97% OF MAXIMUM CAPACITY. FACIAL EXPRESSION HAS BEEN SET TO NEW PARAMETERS.*

&&

Wonderful! Okay, now for her personality before I let the program run...

"Computer, establish a generic holodeck memory profile into the subject for a human female of 18 years old. I want her to know what she is and generally not be bothered by it. Also, make her generally naive, compliant, and submissive. At the same time, she should be somewhat shy and prone to feelings of embarrassment."

*CONFIRMED -- UPLOADING REQUESTED PERSONALITY PARAMETERS... UPLOAD COMPLETE.*

And now to try her out...

"Computer, un-pause the simulation."

*004*2025-05-10 04:54

My creation gasps her first breath of air, real air from my ship, into her lungs. The oxygen being collected and sent into her blood by the cells of her body -- those cells, though holographic, acting as efficiently as my own.

"Oh my god!" she exclaims, immediately hunching over and grabbing her crotch. "I need to, umm..."

She looks around the room in a panic, clearly searching for something, but instead, she sees me. Her eyes show me that she knows that I am the user of the holodeck.

"Hi! I'm Emily. You must be... oh no," she stammers, "I would introduce myself more properly to you, but I'm about to piss myself right now. I need a toilet!"

I smirk, "Hi, Emily. Unfortunately, there are no toilets here. You'll have to wait and hold it in for now, until I say otherwise."

*007*2025-05-11 07:18

"I, umm.. Okay," she says, glancing around the room again while letting out a soft whimper. "I suppose I have to. And your name, sir?"

I consider this for a moment. I'm already deep into the idea of having total control over another person, so I might as well... "You may call me 'master,'" I say.

"Yes, master. Pleased to meet you." She bends her knees even more in some sort of attempt at a curtsey. She is overly preoccupied with her urgency and the strain of holding in the contents of her bladder and not much else.

"Are you not worried about your current state of nakedness?" I ask, genuinely interested in knowing how the computer fine-tuned her personality and knowledge.

"Umm, I suppose I am," she starts, still wincing somewhat at the muscle effort she is exerting. "But I know that you created me like this, so it must be your preference. And I know that on some level I exist to serve you in any way you wish."

"So all other considerations aside, you would prefer to be clothed?" I inquire.

"Oh yes, master. I would. But...um, I have other more pressing problems at the moment. I really don't know if I can hold in my pee for you for much longer," she says, almost hopping from foot to foot at this point.

"Well I want you to put that out of your mind for now, Emily. Yes, I want you naked. It pleases me to see a beautiful form such as yours. It also pleases me to see you squirm with a full bladder. Do you understand?" I ask, wishing that I could also see more of her pussy. Her hand, though, is in the way.

She nods, sweat beading on her forehead.

"Emily, I want to enjoy the sight of you, but I need you to...open up for me. Return to how you were standing a moment ago, but spread your stance and lift your left leg up for me. Yes, just..like..that.. Oh, and do try to smile for me, would you?"

"I'll try, master."

&&

