The eight stories of Shikkin 128DE

Author: EnragedFilia

*000*2022-05-07 10:11

Several weeks ago there was a request for a walkthrough of this game by Arabes (originally released some months ago but updated more recently with some new content), and I decided to create a walkthrough in the form of a first-person story from each of the subjects. When that was done, I decided to convert the stories into a more readable and more dramatic form and post it here, for everyone else that doesn't read the comments on every game in the downloads section. In particular, I've removed awkward references to all of the non-climactic endings, and most importantly the last two scenarios have been merged into an even more thrilling single narrative from the perspectives of both girls at once. Please enjoy.

###

I'm Ria, and here's what happened to me at the fireworks festival. I wore a frilly white top and a black miniskirt, with kneesocks and black heels. When the train arrived I went straight from the station to the riverbank along with everyone. On the way I noticed I was pretty thirsty, so as soon as I got there I stopped by the beer stall. I found a nice spot on the riverbank to stand and watch the fireworks, and after enjoying it for a little while I was kinda getting thirsty again so I went back to that beer stall.

Now I don't usually have quite so much to drink when I go out, especially something like beer since it always seems to, um, 'go right through me'. I guess I wasn't so worried about it that night since the bathroom was right there, so I decided it'd be fine to have another beer, and afterward I went right back to watching the fireworks. I stayed there for a while longer, just relaxing and enjoying the show and not even uncomfortable or worried about anything until out of nowhere I realized I, um, must have had too much to drink after all.

I guess all that beer really did 'go right through me', and it totally, uh, 'snuck up on me' and, um, 'hit me' all at once. Because all of a sudden I really had to go to the bathroom. So I turned around and headed right for the bathroom over by the bridge, and when I got there I saw there was a big line. Those are the biggest bathrooms around and the closest to the river, and with everyone standing at the riverbank watching the fireworks and everything there was to drink, I maybe should have known that everyone would end up trying to use that bathroom.

Maybe if I thought of that earlier I would have known not to count on that bathroom quite so much, because I really wasn't counting on a big line like that and I didn't really know if I could wait. So I hurried right past and went looking for another one. I sort of headed back toward the station, even though I was telling myself there had to be something at least a little closer. There was one in the lobby of an apartment building but there was a line there too, an even bigger one, and the whole time it was just getting worse and worse, so by then I really didn't think I could wait.

I was most of the way to the station so I kept going, but all of a sudden I realized I couldn't hold it anymore! I didn't know what to do, I had to find something right away but there was nothing anywhere, just the apartments and a parking lot and this empty field. And, um, It was dark, and there was nobody over there. I didn't really want to, but I decided I really didn't have a choice. So I ran over to where it was darkest and I pulled my panties down to take a leak on the grass.

Except before I could there was someone right behind me, so I squealed and ran a little to the north. It was just as dark there, so I started to pull down my panties but there he was again! I ran north again, yelling to 'stay away', but he was still right there! By that point I was bending forward and I couldn't even run anymore. I kept walking but I could tell it was too late, it was all over, there was nothing I could do about it. I was right near the crosswalk when it started coming out, and I couldn't stop it. All I could do was lean up against the wall and whimper a little, while I totally wet my panties!

###

I'm Moe, and this is what happened to me at the fireworks festival. I wore a long grey knit sweater and orange pants. Now when I got off the train I could tell I had to go to the bathroom, so I made a quick stop at the station before I headed over to the riverbank. I was just getting there when I saw all the food stalls and stuff and noticed I was pretty hungry, so I decided to get something to eat. There was this spicy hot dog stand and even though I wasn't quite sure about it since I'm not usually a big fan of spicy stuff they looked pretty tasty so I decided it'd be fine to give it a try. And it was tasty but it was, um, really really spicy too. I had to get something to drink right away, so I went to the fruit juice stand right next to it and got some juice and gulped it right down. Then I went to find a spot on the riverbank, but my mouth was still tingling and there was this other stand on the way that just said 'potion'.

The drink there looked a little strange, but that spiciness was really powerful so I gave it a try too, and it didn't taste great but at least it seemed to help. So after that I found a spot and stood by the riverbank for a while, just relaxing and enjoying the fireworks, and everything was fine until eventually I started feeling a bit uncomfortable. At first I didn't think too much about it, but it started getting a little worse, and then kind of a lot worse, and I started to think I maybe had a little too much to drink. I still couldn't quite believe it, since I just went to the bathroom at the station, and I just thought I couldn't possibly have to go again so soon. But it just kept getting worse and worse, until it was just impossible to ignore, and I finally had to admit that I already had to go to the bathroom again.

Afterward I started to think maybe that 'potion' stuff I drank had something to do with it, like maybe it was a diuretic or something. But right then I wasn't thinking about that at all, because all I could think about was finding a bathroom. I looked around and saw a portable toilet right there across the train tracks, and I headed over there, but then I saw it had a super big line. So I decided to use the bathroom at the park instead, and I knew I had to hurry because it was still getting even worse. I never expected I'd have to go again so soon, and I never would have imagined it could get so bad so fast, so I guess I maybe waited a little too long and got myself in trouble. Anyway, I was almost at the park when it started getting really bad and I had to keep telling myself 'just a little more' until I got there.

If only there were just a couple girls in line I could have waited my turn and I could have just barely made it. But there was a big line there too! I heard afterward that nobody could get into that portable toilet by the train tracks for like an hour or something, so everyone that didn't want to wait in line there ended up waiting in line at the park instead. Except I couldn't wait in a line like that, I had to go so bad I just knew I couldn't wait at all.

As soon as I saw that line I realized all at once I wasn't gonna make it, I couldn't hold it, I absolutely had to go right now, or I was absolutely gonna have an accident! So I kept going right past the line and out the other side of the bathroom and around behind it by the fence. I was just pulling down my pants, all ready to take a leak on the ground right there, except just then someone came up right there behind me, so I jumped up and screamed to stay back. And then it was coming out and I couldn't stop it, I couldn't hold it, I couldn't do anything but stand there against the wall, and I totally wet my pants!

###

I'm Hikari, and here's how it went for me at the fireworks festival. To start with, I missed the usual train and ended up running late so I didn't know if I'd make it in time to watch much of anything. Oh right, I was wearing a striped sweater and a miniskirt over black tights. Anyway, when the next train arrived I went straight to the riverbank and made it there in time to watch what was left of the fireworks. Then after just a little while I noticed I kinda needed the restroom. I could have just gone when I was waiting for the train earlier, but I guess I wasn't even really thinking about it. Anyway, I didn't want to leave so soon after I got there, and besides I could see there was a bathroom right nearby and I didn't really have to go too bad or anything so I decided to keep watching the fireworks a little more.

But it's just, it kept getting worse, and I kept waiting until, um, it got even worse, and eventually I realized I really couldn't put it off any longer. So I went right over to the bathroom, except it turned out there was a big line there and since I'd already been waiting a while I really didn't want to have to wait in line so I kept going, looking around for another restroom. I didn't really have any idea where to find one, so I just headed back toward the station.

I ended up finding one in the lobby of this apartment building but it had a big line too and by then I'd been waiting so long I knew I couldn't wait there either. I had to find something else, and I was starting to think I might really be in trouble, and that's when I noticed this guy that looked like a local so I stopped and asked him if he knew about any other bathrooms nearby. He could have just told me about the park nearby with the bathroom that usually just has a little line, and I could have hurried right over and made it in time.

Or if I hadn't even seen him I would have ended up there too, since I sort of remembered seeing that park from the train anyway. At least he didn't just stand there keeping me waiting, while it kept getting even worse until I went back to looking for myself. Then I'd just have ended up back at the station, and if there was any kind of line at all I might have ended up wetting my tights right outside the stall. But what he told me was that there's a convenience store right there at the corner.

That sounded just perfect, so I hurried over and when I got there it looked just perfect too. I mean, by that point I had to go really bad but there were only a few girls in line, so I thought it wouldn't take too long and I could make it just fine. Except it's just, there was this girl in line right in front of me wearing these super skinny jeans, and she had to go really really bad. I mean, like, she couldn't keep still, she couldn't even stand up straight, I was actually getting kinda worried for her right up until she went into the stall.

But just when it looked like she was safe and she made it after all, I heard her scream, like 'Oh, oh no, it's coming out!' I guess her skinny jeans got stuck or something and she couldn't get them down, so she ended up totally wetting her pants. We actually got to chatting on the train afterward and she told me all about it and everything else that happened. Her name is Shiori, and she was supposed to go to the fireworks with this guy but he never showed up.

And she thought he texted her to wait but it was actually a mistake or something. So, uh, as for me, after a while I'd pretty much figured out what happened to that girl and realized she couldn't really come out like that, and by then I really couldn't wait any longer either. It felt like I was about to have an accident any second, and I knew my only chance was to try to make it back to the station. So I started over that way but I, uh, I didn't even make it halfway. Right next to the parking lot all of a sudden I just couldn't hold it any longer, and I just dropped to my knees and totally wet my tights!

###

I'm Shiori, and this is how my night at the fireworks festival turned out. I got there at about 1830 and headed from the parking lot over to the riverbank. I was wearing a white frilly blouse and my favorite super stylish, super tight skinny jeans. So I found a place by the riverbank and watched the fireworks for a while, and then at around 1935 I started to wonder where Suguru was and what was taking him so long. We were supposed to meet up at the festival, and even though we didn't really have a set time or anything I was getting impatient, so after a few more minutes I decided to text him.

He replied right away, and said he got sidetracked at the bookstore with some kind of rare book. He gets like that sometimes, I don't really mind. Anyway, I was kinda looking forward to watching the fireworks together, but I figured it'd be fine to just meet up there instead. And that way I could stop by the bathroom on the way to the bookstore too, since I kinda had to go. Except when I offered to head over there, the reply I got said he was almost done and on the way here. I let him know where I was, near the hot dog stand, and Suguru said not to go anywhere.

Except it wasn't him. It turns out he meant to tell me to come over like I expected, but I guess the texts got messed up somehow. I still don't have any idea how that's even possible. There's even a cell tower right there, over between the food stalls and the bathroom. Maybe something went wrong with it? Well anyway, whatever happened, I ended up waiting for him there on the riverbank. And I kept waiting, and waiting, until I was getting pretty impatient and really uncomfortable.

Because the whole time I was waiting it was just getting worse and worse, until I really had to go, and I guess knowing I couldn't just go made me notice it even more or something. I tried texting Suguru a few more times to ask if he was still coming and where he was, but I got nothing back. I didn't really want to just leave after I told him I'd wait, but eventually I just had to go so bad I realized I really couldn't keep waiting. My jeans were starting to feel even tighter than usual, and I couldn't stop squirming, so I sent one last text apologizing and letting him know and then I finally left and headed to the bathroom.

As soon as I got there I saw there was a big line, and after how long I already waited I really couldn't wait in a line that long. But I remembered the convenience store just down the street so I headed over there, and the whole way it kept getting even worse. Standing at the crosswalk I had to go so bad I could hardly believe it, I was like totally squirming nonstop and I couldn't even stand up straight. When I got to the convenience store there were a few girls waiting for the bathroom and I had to line up with them. By now I actually wasn't sure if I was gonna make it through even a little line like that, but I was absolutely sure I wasn't gonna make it anywhere else so I really didn't have a choice.

I was squirming so much it must have been totally obvious, but I so far beyond caring about any of that, I could hardly even think about anything besides holding it just a bit longer. Then it was my turn and I was so relieved when I made it into the stall. After holding it and holding it and holding it for so long I was so glad I could finally sit down and just let go. Except... my jeans were stuck. I tried to unzip them but I couldn't, they wouldn't even budge. And... I was already letting go. I tried to stop it but I couldn't, it was coming out and there was nothing I could do about it. I just screamed and stood there and I totally wet my pants!

###

I'm Yuuna, and here's how everything went for me at the fireworks festival. The riverbank is just right down the street so I got going a little while before the show started. I was wearing a puffy white blouse and loose pleated pants. I got to the riverbank and for a while I just stood there enjoying the fireworks and everything was fine. It was after about an hour or so that I started getting a little uncomfortable, and then after a few more minutes I decided it was about time for a bathroom visit. The portable toilet near the train tracks was closest, but when I got there I saw it had a big line so I decided to go over to the park instead since it normally never has much of a line. Except that night there was a way bigger line than usual.

I heard there was something wrong with the portable toilet and nobody could use it for a while before I got there, and I guess everyone else that saw what that line looked like ended up doing the same thing I did, so they were all in line at the park when I got there. Anyway, by that point I was really getting pretty uncomfortable and I didn't think I could risk waiting in a line like that, so I headed back across the tracks toward the apartment building lobby. And of course the whole time it was just getting even worse and I was just getting even more uncomfortable, and I was getting really worried about how long I could wait.

And of course when I got to the apartment lobby the line there was just huge, and by then I just knew I couldn't afford to wait in line. I was starting to think that every bathroom in town must be super crowded, and what's worse I, um, wasn't quite sure if I could make it to any of them. The station and the convenience store weren't too far away, but I didn't know which one to pick and if I picked the wrong one I just knew it'd be all over.

I was trying to decide which when I sort of realized the parking lot was right there, so, um... Oh! I mean, normally I would never even think about doing something like that but, well... it was an emergency... so I decided I, uh, really didn't have much of a choice. There was a car right there I could hide behind, and nobody could see or anything, and it looked just perfect to just pull down my pants and, um... 'take a leak'. But just when I'd made up my mind, this girl in a denim miniskirt ran right up and squatted behind that car and started taking a leak herself! She came from the direction of the convenience store, so I guess there really was a line that that girl must have been waiting in line when she decided she couldn't wait any longer.

And when I saw her pull down her panties like that and just 'let go'... the sight of it, and especially the sound... it almost made me 'let go' too! So I turned and ran - or at least, uh, hurried - as fast as I could. I was way past even thinking about looking for a bathroom. I could already feel it happening, I could tell I was just about to completely let go any second! I had to at least find somewhere to pull down my pants before it happened, and there was this empty field right behind the apartments. It was even more exposed than the parking lot, but at least it was too dark for anyone to see, and anyway I absolutely didn't have any other choice. So I started to squat down, but... before I could even pull down my pants somebody came up right behind me, and I just squealed and ran away... but I only made it a few steps before... it happened. It just started coming out, and I just couldn't stop it, and I totally wet my pants!

###

I'm Minori, and here's what ended up happening to me at the fireworks festival. I was wearing a t-shirt with a plaid jacket and a denim skirt. When I got there and went straight from the parking lot to the riverbank to watch the fireworks. After a while I started getting thirsty to I went to get a drink. There was a juice stand right nearby but I wasn't really in the mood for juice so I went to the other drinks stand all the way at the end and got a Ramune. They had iced tea too and it looked pretty good, but I still remembered what happened last week and decided not to take the chance. Anyway, I went back to watching the fireworks and everything was for a while longer, until I started getting kind of uncomfortable. It was already pretty late by then and almost time to leave anyway, so I decided I could just stop for a quick bathroom visit on my way back to the car.

I kept watching just a little longer and headed over to the bathrooms by the riverbank, near the bridge, except I guess just about everyone else had the same idea I did because there was a really big line. So then I remembered seeing a convenience store right by the parking lot and decided to go back there instead. On the way there I noticed it was kinda getting worse, and while I waited at the crosswalk I was getting a little more uncomfortable and kinda starting to squirm a little. I got to the convenience store and there was a line there too, but it wasn't too bad and I didn't really have much of a choice since I didn't know anywhere else that might have a bathroom so I got in line and just hoped it wouldn't keep getting even worse. I was really glad I didn't take a chance on that iced tea earlier because it always seems to send things into 'overdrive', just like what happened last week.

Still, I was really uncomfortable and kinda squirming pretty bad by then, although the girl in line in front of me looked even more uncomfortable. She was wearing these super tight jeans and squirming constantly, and watching her all bent over like that really wasn't making it any easier for me to keep holding it. It was getting so much worse and I was squirming so bad by the time that girl made it into the bathroom that all I could think was how it'd be my turn next and I could finally get in there and sit down and get some relief.

But as soon as she closed the door I heard her scream, and even though I couldn't really make out what it was I had a really bad feeling about what it meant. Then when she didn't come out after a few minutes I realized she might not come out at all and I knew I couldn't just wait for her, so I left. The thing is, I didn't know where any other bathrooms might be, and I couldn't just go looking for one. I was already just about out of time, I didn't know what else to do but if I didn't do something I knew just what was going to happen.

All I could think of was, uh... going behind the car... I mean, normally I would never just 'take a leak' in a parking lot like that! But it was an absolute emergency, I was just about to have an accident in the parking lot! At least that way I could keep my panties dry. So I got there and looked around and I didn't see anybody. I was all ready to just pull my panties down and let go on the pavement, when the lights on the next car over suddenly turned on, and I saw someone inside! I hurried away before they could get a good look at me but by that point I could barely even walk.

And I still had no idea where else I could go, so I just sort of staggered into this alley, with some grass and a couple bushes. I was absolutely out of time and all ready to just pull down my panties and completely let loose. But right then the lights of the house next to me came on, and someone shouted out the window. It was this old guy and he was all 'what are you doing in my garden', and all I could say was 'I'm sorry' again and again, and when he kept yelling I just said, 'I gotta pee...' and then finally 'I can't hold it!' And I really couldn't hold it... I couldn't believe it, but I couldn't do anything about it, and it all came pouring out in like an enormous flood... and I... I just... I totally wet my panties!

###

I'm Ruruka! And this is what happened when I was filming my "Fireworks Festival Report". I was wearing my costume with the strappy black top and the white shorts with a half-skirt attached, and the black knee socks. Now the director was supposed to meet me there at the station, but he never showed up, and after the last train arrived and he wasn't on it, I realized I was gonna have to figure something else out. So I saw this guy with what looked like a really nice camera, and after I explained things he agreed to come with me around the festival to help out. I had some ideas in mind about what segments to do before we got to the main event by the riverbank, but I let him decide which ones to do and in what order. We started with the movie theater by the station. It was already closed so I couldn't say that much about it, but after I finished the segment and the camera was off I kinda mentioned about that time my friend was on a date at that movie theater when she kinda wet her panties.

I was just going on about how embarrassing something like that would be, and I ended up saying something like 'I'm an adult and I can hold it as long as I need to'. If only I hadn't said that part... Uh, anyway, next we went over to do a quick segment at the park nearby. I started off with how it'd be a nice place for a date, and then I had to correct that to a 'date with everyone', since I'm an idol and of course I don't have a boyfriend or anything. Then I pointed out the bathroom, and I had to add that of course I don't have to go to the bathroom or anything since I'm an idol. If only I hadn't said that part either... So, uh, next up was the riverbank where the crowds were, and I did some segments on all the food stalls and everything. First there was the fruit juice stall, and I ended up having some juice myself when he suggested it. I wasn't really thinking about it too much at the time, but I maybe should have planned ahead a little better...

Next we went to the spicy hot dog stall that was right next to that one. I don't usually like spicy things that much, but it looked pretty good and I decided to give it a try anyway. Turns out it really was super spicy and I totally couldn't finish the whole thing. I guess I really shouldn't have tried it after all, especially not after the juice stall, since I wasn't really planning to have anything else to drink. Because, um, the next place we stopped was at the beer stall, and my mouth was still all tingly after that spicy hot dog, so... I got a beer anyway. I especially wasn't planning on having something like beer, and I... I really should have known better. Anyway, it was still kinda crowded and pretty noisy so instead of jumping right into the main fireworks segment we went over to the bathrooms by the bridge.

I mentioned how it's always real busy during the fireworks festival, and how there was already a big line, and how it'd be easier to just wait until the line cleared out. If only I hadn't said quite so much about it... Because after that we just went back and forth for a while checking out good spots by the riverbank to do the main segment, and I was, um, getting a little uncomfortable. I guess it was kind of inevitable after how much I had to drink... So I asked if we could take a break, but the cameraman - I think his name was like Ken something? - well, he pointed out we hadn't done the main segment yet and if we waited too long the fireworks would be over. So we kept at it, getting ready and everything, and after a little while longer I was getting a lot more uncomfortable. Maybe if I just had some juice it wouldn't be that bad, and even if I had a beer it wouldn't be quite so bad...

So I asked again, and this time I admitted I kinda needed to use the restroom. He just reminded me of that thing I said earlier about not having to go to the bathroom because I'm an idol, and since it was all on camera I'd have to do like an 'apology video' if I ended up 'betraying the viewers' trust' like that. So I just said 'Ruruna doesn't have to go to the bathroom', even though by then I really did have to go pretty bad. I guess it was like the juice filled me up and then the beer, uh, 'flushed me out' so that it all ended up, um, 'going right through me'.

It was just getting worse and worse, and after a while I spoke up again and admitted I really did have to use the restroom after all, and even offered to do that apology video. But the Ken guy reminded me of what I said in the segment at the bathroom and how it'd be better to wait until that line was gone instead of having to waste time waiting in line. And I went along with it, and I just kept holding it, even though by now I had to go really bad and it was still getting even worse! This time when I admitted it he reminded me of what I said after the segment at the theater, about how an adult could always hold it, and he was even kinda teasing me about whether I'm an adult that can hold it or a little kid that was about to have an accident.

If only I hadn't said any of those things... then he never could have convinced me to keep holding it and I could have just run off to the nearest bathroom. But instead I just kept holding it, while it just kept getting worse, until finally we were all ready for the main segment. And by then I had to go so, so bad I could hardly stand it. I could hardly keep still for a second, I could barely talk, I couldn't even think straight! It must have been totally obvious, and I must have looked totally ridiculous, stumbling over every line and squirming nonstop like that. There was a little lull in the middle of the segment where I was supposed to just stand and watch the fireworks, and I was trying as hard as I could to keep still when it suddenly hit me, all at once like an enormous wave, and all I could think was...

'I can't hold it'. I whispered to stop the camera, and I looked around for somewhere to go, anywhere! It was an absolute emergency, and I just didn't have a choice but to duck behind something and just pull down my shorts and let loose on the ground. But there was nothing. Even the road with the little bridge was all the way at the other end of the riverbank, and we were over by the train tracks and completely out in the open. I could feel it happening, I could feel it starting to come out, and I... I couldn't stop it. I just couldn't hold it anymore, I couldn't do anything about it at all... I just sank to my knees, and I totally wet my costume on camera!

###

/

I'm Bibi,

And I'm Mimino,

And this is what happened at yoga class on the night of the fireworks festival. Now I'm the instructor, so I had to get going pretty early to get everything set up, and I reached the apartment building with the studio at just about the same time as Mimino.

I took the train there, and when it arrived I got off and went to the station bathroom to take a quick break. But there was someone else already in the stall, and I didn't want to be late so I figured I could just use the bathroom at the yoga studio before class started.

We met up outside the lobby and said hi in the elevator, and I went to the locker room while Mimino went over to the bathroom.

I thought I'd just use the bathroom and then get changed, but I guess someone was in there because the door wouldn't open, so I decided to get changed first instead.

I got changed from my sportcoat and denim short shorts into my yoga outfit with the white tank top and grey shorts, and I noticed the water cooler in the studio lobby was working again. And I was kinda thirsty so I had a nice big drink of water before class started.

I hurried and got changed from my tan jacket and pink dress into my tights and shorts and sports bra, and I went back to the bathroom. It was still closed and whoever was in there wasn't coming out, and after waiting I was starting to get annoyed and tried calling to them. But then it was already time for class to start so I decided I was just gonna have to wait until the break.

Mimino and everyone else came into the studio and I got class started. We were warming up with some basic poses when this girl in a costume like an idol singer or something came into the lobby and started talking to the receptionist about doing a segment on the yoga class for some sort of report. We've been looking for ways to generate publicity and maybe improve attendance, so this seemed like a great opportunity, and the receptionist said it was fine as long as they didn't interfere with class or anything.

I heard it too, and I thought it seemed pretty interesting, especially the thought of maybe getting to see myself on TV or something. But the thing is, I wasn't really paying quite so much attention just then because I still had to go to the bathroom and it was getting really uncomfortable and kinda distracting.

Uh-huh, I was starting to have to go too. I guess I maybe had a little too much to drink earlier. It wasn't that bad or anything, but it was about time to take a break anyway so I called for one and went out to the lobby, and Mimino hurried out in front of me.

By then I really had to go. All through class it had just been getting worse and worse and I really didn't want to have to wait any longer. So I got to the bathroom door along with Bibi, but it still wouldn't open! I could hardly believe there was someone in there again. I tried calling out like before but it was no use, and I was starting to think it might just be broken or something.

I thought it was a little weird too, and I was getting kind of uncomfortable and a bit worried, but more for Mimino since she was in way worse shape than me.

Oh I know, I was all squirming and crossing my legs I had to go so bad, and if I couldn't use the bathroom I didn't know what else I was gonna do, and then before I knew it the break was over.

By then I had to go pretty bad too, but I couldn't just keep everyone else waiting so I had to get class started, and I was just gonna have to hold it.

We went back inside and started doing poses again, and I realized I was gonna have to keep holding it until the end of class. All I could think was like 'I really hope I can hold it'.

I was mostly concentrating on trying not to let it show, telling myself 'I can hold it, I can hold it' and just making sure to keep still. And Mimino had it so much worse that she kinda, um, couldn't.

I was trying my best not to be too obvious about it, but no matter what I did I just couldn't seem to stop squirming, and I was just about sure that everybody in class could tell.

I know, I could totally tell from where I was at the front, even though I was pretty distracted by then since I really had to go too. And near the end of class we do some of the more complicated and, uh, strenuous poses, and that was making it even worse. Especially the ones where I had to bend way over or, like, spread my legs all the way apart.

Oh, totally! It was so bad I couldn't stop thinking 'gotta go... gotta go... gotta go...', and I was even starting to think if it kept getting any worse I was just gonna have to run out of class and go downstairs or something. Except, just about then, the report started.

It was that idol singer girl from earlier. She came in and started doing her report and her camera guy started recording, and as soon as I saw that I knew I had to be extra extra sure to keep still. And sure, we could really use the publicity and all, but that was just a really bad time for it.

It was the worst possible time! See, I always put my yoga mat in the front row, so when the idol girl came in she was standing right next to me, and her camera was pretty much pointed right at me. I know I wanted to see myself on TV but... not like that, not when I had to go like that! I had to go so, so bad I couldn't keep still at all, I couldn't stop squirming for a second, and the whole time it must have been totally obvious. Everyone watching must have been like 'that little tiny girl there, squirming around like crazy, she looks just like a little kid that's just about to have a huge accident'.

By then I was hardly even paying attention to much of anything, mostly still just trying to keep still and thinking about how class was almost over, telling myself 'just a little bit longer'.

Me too, and I was counting down the minutes until class was over and I'd be safe, even though it felt like it might start coming out any second. I had to go worse than ever, and I was totally ready to just run out of class, but with the camera rolling like that I just couldn't! It was bad enough for everyone watching to see me like that, I absolutely couldn't stand to be 'that tiny little girl that couldn't hold it and had to run out of yoga class before she had a huge accident'. I just didn't have a choice but to keep holding it, so I just told myself it was almost over, that there were only two poses left. Except... they were the very worst ones.

They're both, like, squatting poses. The side lunge and, um... the 'garland pose'.

The first one was bad enough, I could barely stretch my leg out at all, and my other leg was pressing right into me, like right there. And then... the other one... As soon as I shifted over into the full squat, it happened. I could feel it happening, it was coming out! I screamed and grabbed myself down there, but... I couldn't do anything to stop it... I couldn't hold it... and right there, right in front of the whole class, and even the camera... I totally wet my yoga pants!!

It was just so awful. It went on and on and on, pouring out, completely flooding her pants and soaking right through her shorts and drenching her yoga mat. I went over to her but there wasn't anything I could really do besides stand there and watch along with everybody else. Uh, eventually the idol girl said to turn off the camera, at least. Anyway, when it was finally finished poor Mimino collapsed and plopped down in her puddle. I apologized over and over, for not noticing, and for... well, for not helping somehow. I told her to go get changed, and I got out a towel and started to clean up.

But the thing is, I still really had to go too! I'd been holding it just about the whole class, so it was getting really, really bad, and the bathroom was crowded like always. I guess I was kinda counting on going right to the bathroom as soon as class was over, and now that I couldn't I was in really big trouble. I had to go so, so bad I was starting to get worried I might, uh... end up making a big puddle of my own. But then I got to thinking, would that even be so bad? Since, well, there was already a puddle, and I was already cleaning it up, and then I was just going to get changed.

The yoga mat was ruined either way, and besides, cleaning up a bigger puddle wouldn't really be much harder or anything. And most of all, it was way better than having to risk making another puddle somewhere else. The only thing was, the idol girl and her camera guy were both still sanding around, and it looked like they weren't about to leave. I couldn't just pull my shorts down right in front of them, or even pull them to the side or anything, so I came up with an idea.

I stretched out to part of the floor next to the wall, and then while pulling back I just sort of let my feet slip out from under me so I plopped down on my butt right on the soaking wet yoga mat. Now my shorts were all soaked too, so I made some, like, complaining noises and I, um, let go. It kept coming out for a while, so I kept moaning and complaining about being all wet and stuff, even though at the same time I was totally wetting my shorts. But at least I got away with it, and afterward I just finished cleaning up and went to get changed.

