Wattson’s Childish Tendencies

Author: EasyPezePhoebe

*000*2022-02-19 00:33

Hey everyone, i’ve been playing a game called apex legends lately and i noticed there isn’t much on omo org actually about it, so I thought I’d take a shot in a dark at writing some fan fiction for it.

Wattson whimpered as she walked, feeling the sun beat down on her and her teammates with what seemed like every step, in one hand, was a rifle, officially known as the R3-01.

Her other lay shakily at the side of her leg, her fingers moving quickly and nervously at every step, usually, she was confident in her abilities, and as silent as a mouse.

But right now, as her legs shook involuntarily, and with every quiet yelp, she had to jam them against one another, she seemed anything but calm and collected.

Her abdomen hurt, a ton, and she was struggling to fight not only the urge to place her free hand across it, but also the urge to fill her pants with warm, desperate pee.

She’d needed to go to the restroom ever since they had touched the ground but she couldn’t dare mention that to her teammates, one was a drone called Pathfinder, a lovable character who she got along very well with, he tried his best to help everyone.

The other, was the boy she had been falling for since he had arrived at the games.

Tae Joon Park, the boy of her dreams.

CRYPTO.

She shook her head, trying to push the thoughts of that crush out of her mind, she had enough on her mind trying to not pee her pants, she didn’t need to worry about Tae Joon, too.

She soon, however, was hit with a sharp pain in her bladder, and felt herself involuntarily spurt into her panties.

She came to a halt almost immediately, her rifle clattering to the ground with a few soft clangs, which caused Pathfinder and Crypto to stop in their tracks.

The view they were met with, wasn’t one anyone expected to see.

Especially Tae Joon.

"Natalie?" The boy said as he turned, yet as his heel finally made the full 180° it needed to, he was met with a sight he never thought he’d be blessed with.

The girl, whom he loved, and cared for, even if she didn’t know it, stood in a position the omorashi fantasist never thought he’d ever see her in.

The smartest girl he knew, Natalie 'Wattson' Paquette stood silently, her back arched slightly, her perfect blonde hair resting atop her head, the visible balaclava she wore to protect herself was lowered because of the heat.

But that wasn’t the best part.

It was the way she stood.

Her legs were crossed against one another and her butt was lowered slightly, her knees bent as her hands softly dug as hard as they could into her crotch, her white and gray pants, which were practically skintight, had dark outlines across the insides of the legs, and around her crotch, they were wet, and that meant one thing.

Wattson was having an accident, like a little girl.

He stood in disbelief, he didn’t know what was so attractive about it to him, but he tried to clear his mind, moving forward to help the girl, yet, his legs wouldn’t move.

The girl bobbed up and down, almost in a childlike manner, something that a six year old would do, not a twenty two year old woman, as a dark patch grew around her butt, which was perfectly visible to the boy, in just a few seconds, the pee broke through and small streams of pee began to trickle onto the rocks they stood on, the girl stopped bobbing and lowered into a crouch, her butt just off the ground as she hid her face into her hands, at first, he thought that she would hopefully be okay, that it was just embarrassment.

That was until he heard her sobbing, which grew over the sound of liquid splashing against the rocks, cooling them down.

And just like that, his legs obeyed, he moved forward and fell to his knees, hugging the young adult softly.

"It’s okay, Natalie, it’s okay." He’d speak softly, for as much as he was excited, seeing the accident first hand, he wasn’t about to allow that to stop him from comforting the girl he loved, the girl whom he was sure, didn’t love him back.

Her voice broke in between sobs, her french accent only adding to the ache and pain as some words became too hard to pronounce in English, she was too upset to even bother.

"I’m..I’m sorry Tae Joon, I didn’t mean to…Je suis stupide, je fais pipi dans mon pantalon comme si j'étais une petite fille, je suis censée être une inventrice de génie, et me voilà, me mouillant comme si j'avais besoin de couches!" Her voice finally broke down into a deep sob as she hugged him so hard, as if he would disappear if she let go.

The boy had never felt worse for the french genius, and his heart ached as he stroked her soft blonde hair quietly.

"I don’t see you as any less, Natalie, everyone has accidents, it’s normal." His voice quiet, and careful, not as confident or commanding as it usually was, he didn’t want to upset her anymore.

Meanwhile, the robot watched the two curiously, bending its arm backwards as it detected an opponent, and pulling the trigger on its sniper rifle, killing the opponent instantly, as it focused on the two.

"Miss Paquette seems to have peed in her pants, uh-oh." The robot exclaimed in it’s usually cheerful voice, before it moved towards the two.

"Perhaps it would be best if we finish this game, and then I could assist Miss Paquette and Mr Joon in finding Miss Paquette some more suitable clothing?" The robot offered, ever trying to be helpful, and it was always in debt to the daughter of its creator.

"T-That sounds nice, thank you pathfinder, t-thank you, Tae joon.” The girl said quietly in her English, her french accent prominent, yet strung together by sadness and embarrassment.

The boy smiled softly and nodded, standing to his feet, pulling the girl up with him.

Natalie winced as she heard the last few splatters of pee on the stone, and the warmth hadn’t disappeared, yet, as embarrassing as it had been.

This..accident, which before, she had been so sure was not in the realm of possibility for her, had felt…nice, and she was positive that it had made Tae joon happy, at least, at first.

Moving forwards slightly, she sighed, before she knew her cheeks had gone red as she felt Tae joon press his green coat against her butt, and began wrap said item of clothing around her waist.

"T-Tae joon! it’s..it’s okay, really, I’m okay.” She’d say, her whole face going red before she saw the young man shake his head.

"Nonesense, you’ll catch a cold with all of these childish tendencies, Natalie.”

I hope you all liked that, I just really wanted to give it a go, I promise the next will be longer, for sure! 🙂

*002*2022-02-21 14:35

Hey, I’m really glad you like this story! What kind of stuff would you like to see next, fandom wise?
