The Bladder Competition: Part 1

Author: EagleSteve

*000*2024-08-07 04:40

This story is my attempt at turning the bound2burst holding contest scenario into a story with the addition of beer and a just made it ending.

Lindsay and Becca were two friends with what you might call a rivalry of the bladders. They had decided to settle once and for all who had the stronger bladder. To start they each went to the bathroom starting with Lindsay. As she was not yet full, she calmly pulled down her leggings and panties and sat down for what most would consider a considerable pee. As the stream tinkled into the bowl, she showed no obvious sign of relief as this was barely an average yield for her. As the last drops trailed off of her, she wiped and gave way to Becca. Whereas everything about Lindsay from figure to personality was as feminine as a princess, Becca was athletic, skinny yet strong. She took her turn on the toilet, pulling down her uncharacteristic skirt and then her panties. As she sat, her stream hissed for about thirty seconds before quickly tapering off. After wiping she flushed for both of them, the water a pale yellow from both their contributions.

As much as they were bladder rivals, they had been drinking buddies in college nearly a decade ago and to this day would massively outdrink their husbands. Becca went to the fridge and brought out two six packs. “This should get us off to a good start” she said. “Just to remind you of our rules, I printed out a copy for both of us” Lindsay reminded her.

Rules:

Whoever runs to the bathroom first loses.

10 minutes to finish the first beer followed by 15 after that.

Both competitors must keep pace of drinking

After the six beers will be the coffee round

This will include a 1L mug of coffee to be downed within 10 minutes

All drinks will be water after that until there is a winner, at an agreeable pace

“When did I agree to this?” Becca prodded her. “Oh that’s right we were pretty drunk,” Lindsay recalled. “But you remember?” Becca asked. Lindsay reached into her purse and pulled out a handwritten note that she showed Becca. “Ok, but I was joking about the rules, are you sure…?” “What you don’t think you’re up to the challenge?” Lindsay retorted mockingly. “Well I wouldn’t be a very gracious host if I didn’t offer you a drink, and it wouldn’t be right for you to do this alone,” she replied.

It was on, the ladies each opened their first beers and began to drink quietly as they made competitive conversation and laughed cordially at each others jokes. After a couple more beers they got rowdier as they each felt a slight buzz, but nothing more. In fact, they taunted each other mercilessly to the point that all the beer was finished in just over an hour. Now time for coffee.

“I could use some coffee” Lindsay commented. “Why you can’t handle your liquor anymore? This is just beer you wimp.” She said feistily. “No I just mean it feels like we barely drank anything, right?” She responded. “We’ll see how you feel after this,” Becca said back to her. A slight urge nagged at both of the women, but neither could admit it.

They both walked together to the kitchen to prepare the coffee. As Lindsay noticed the new coffee maker and Lindsay filling it to the top, she turned to Becca and asked, “Why are you making so much we only need 2 liters? Is it even safe to drink so much coffee?” “I guess you are scared even when you drink” she said belittling her comrade. “I’m kidding, the rest is for Walter” she said with unconvincing reassurance. The coffee was ready and each one having prepared her mug to her preference, began the next round.

As trash talk went back and forth, they both finished their coffee in just 7 minutes. At this point their bladders were both bulging visibly, as a strong urge to pee set in. Becca asked mockingly “Crossing your legs over there, Lindsay?” “It’s not so bad, I can still go another hour or two,” she said with a slight confidence in her voice.

It was time for water. Neither of the women wanted to drink anymore, but were unwilling to admit any sign of weakness. As they began drinking water, desperation set in and the confidence from each of them began to waver.

“We should probably slow down,” Becca admitted,”we clearly both need to pee and we have consumed a crazy amount of liquid”. “Fine, no more drinking, but we keep holding,” Lindsay responded.

They went from taunting each other to commenting back and forth about their need to pee and telling stories about each others urinary escapades. Five minutes later, Becca was showing significantly more desperation than Lindsay. She was barely moving and intermittently ran her pushed her foot into her crotch. Lindsay was pee-dancing and in less discomfort. Then Becca gave up and hobbled to the bathroom. Lindsay remained in the living room knowing that she was not far behind.

Becca made it after much struggle to the toilet and lowered her skirt quickly followed by her panties. Her bladder made a clear protrusion as she quickly sat on the seat and enjoyed the relief. The pee gushed out of her and Lindsay could even hear it from the living room. The stream continued as she sighed in relief and made sure Lindsay could hear her saying, “Ahh this feels so good, almost worth losing.” Lindsay yelled back to her, “no believe me winning is better”. She continued peeing for 70 seconds and then tapered off for another 30 seconds.

As Lindsay could tell Becca was finishing she made her way toward the bathroom. Becca wiped and dropped the paper into the clear water which she quickly flushed. Hearing that was painful for Lindsay as was the sound of Becca washing her hands. Becca opened the door and Lindsay pushed her out of the way and got in front of the toilet. She struggled, but eventually pulled her tights down and her panties as the stream was starting to come out and placed herself on the seat. Her usual feminine tinkle was just slightly louder as she echoed the sentiments Becca had just shared. She continued peeing for 3 minutes as she told Becca, “as much as this pee feels amazing, let’s agree we do not need to do this again.” Like with Becca the water was clear as if she had not even peed except for the higher level. She wiped herself between her legs and flushed. After washing her hands, they went to the living room and then Lindsay walked home.

