I fond a ChatGPT alternative actually meant for writing

Author: ErinonWheels

*000*2023-03-20 02:40

It's called ShareTXT AI Writer

Start with "Write a detailed story with dialogue about..." and just go. Write the entire plot synopsis from beginning to end.

Example: Write a detailed story with dialogue about a female school teacher who needs to pee during class. (Note that I put no effort into what I gave it to work with.)

The result: Miss Johnson had been teaching for over a decade, but she had never experienced anything like this before. She had been teaching her 5th-grade class for almost an hour when she suddenly felt a strong urge to pee. She tried to ignore it, but the pressure was becoming unbearable.

She looked at the clock and realized that she still had another hour to go. She couldn't possibly hold it in for that long. She tried to think of a way out of the situation, but she couldn't come up with anything.

Finally, she decided to ask one of her students to take over for a few minutes while she went to the bathroom. She scanned the classroom and her eyes fell on a bright and confident girl named Emily.

"Emily, can you come up here for a minute?" Miss Johnson asked.

Emily looked up from her book and smiled. "Sure, Miss Johnson. What do you need?"

"I need to use the bathroom, and I was wondering if you could take over for a few minutes while I'm gone," Miss Johnson said, feeling embarrassed.

Emily's eyes widened in surprise, but she quickly composed herself. "Of course, Miss Johnson. I'd be happy to help."

Miss Johnson felt relieved and grateful. "Thank you, Emily. I'll be back in a few minutes."

She quickly made her way to the bathroom, feeling embarrassed and ashamed. She couldn't believe that she had to ask one of her students to take over for her. She felt like a failure as a teacher.

As she was washing her hands, she heard a knock on the door. She opened it to find Emily standing there, looking concerned.

"Miss Johnson, are you okay?" Emily asked.

Miss Johnson felt touched by Emily's kindness. "Yes, I'm fine. Thank you for asking."

Emily smiled. "No problem. I just wanted to make sure you were okay."

Miss Johnson felt a surge of gratitude towards Emily. She realized that she had underestimated her students. They were more capable and compassionate than she had given them credit for.

As she made her way back to the classroom, she felt a renewed sense of confidence and purpose. She knew that she had the support of her students, and that she could rely on them in times of need.

"Thank you, Emily," she said as she entered the classroom.

Emily smiled. "No problem, Miss Johnson. I'm always here to help."

Miss Johnson felt grateful for the support of her students, and she knew that she would never underestimate them again.

***

I strongly recommend including your own character names as this thing only seems to know half a dozen female names.

*003*2023-03-20 05:12

{{1 hour ago, diokno44x said:

So it focuses on positive endings too?

}}

You can beat the happy endings out of it if you work hard enough.

*006*2023-03-20 11:57

{{2 hours ago, diokno44x said:

Good

And you gotta.pay

}}

Worst case scenario just force it to tell the story the want (Which may take some work) and chop off wherever moral message it adds at the end

On a side note, OpenAI, which both ChatGPT and ShareTXT run on has been glitching for the last few hours and ShareTXT has inadvertantly fed me broken pieces of other people's stories a handful of times and I have seen at least three Ono stories. Anyone want to fess up to writing the one about two women peeing on a bed for fun? If so can I see the whole thing? 😂

*011*2023-03-21 01:32

{{19 minutes ago, bestrapperalive said:

This has been absolutely hilarious 😄 i've been spamming sharetxt off and on since i saw this thread, it's too addictive since it's free, and the glitching into other people's omo stories is so silly. Since i ONLY ever glitch into omo stories, i'm guessing it has to do with omo prompts glitch you into omo stories, because the alternative is we've completely overwhelmed that site and that seems less likely albeit even funnier.

But yea, the best is whoever came up with the world where girls can only pee every two days, because now some of my stories start off normal and then glitch into that world mid output, and i'm absolutely cracking up

}}

I've seen that one three times! Different parts too.

*013*2023-03-21 01:39

Another line to throw in for better stories

"Describe the scene in detail throughout the story."

Put that near the beginning before your plot summary and your road trip will have cows and fields if you put them in the middle of nowhere.

*016*2023-03-21 17:35

{{9 hours ago, ILoveOmorashi said:

ShareTXT isn't letting me sign up at all, which I have to do before it can generate text.

}}

Several AI services had severe trouble yesterday due to a problem with the "engine" they all share melting down. Keep trying.

Edit: "Conversation history" on OpenAI still hasn't been repaired, which appears to be causing problems with the "Write a story" instruction you give ShareTXT to make it turn your prompt into a story.

*018*2023-03-21 23:14

{{2 minutes ago, tr2153 said:

I gave it the prompt "Write a detailed story about a woman who has a pee accident and learns she enjoys it" and here's what it gave me:

Genuinely surprised that the AI didn't try to kink shame, and actually wrote something affirming. I wonder if all of our requests have had an effect...

}}

Did you prompt that content warning, or did it just happen?

