My Horny Girlfriend’s Miscalculation

Author: espikiki

*000*2025-02-19 06:00

Author’s Note: This is heavily NSFW. It revolves around a fantasy I have that takes place during sex, but still involves wetting of clothing.

###

I woke up with a start to my blanket hog of a girlfriend yanking the thick comforter off of me and onto her, brushing against my sensitive morning wood and promptly leaving me shivering, both from the cold and from how ungodly horny I’ve woken up. I lifted up one end of the comforter and slid back under, wrapping my arm around her abdomen and pulling her flush against me, relishing in the heat of her body rapidly heating me up and the curve of her ass heating me up in an entirely different way.

As my arm laid draped across her lower abdomen, I could feel her full bladder protruding against it. My dick stirred at the thought of how full she must be as I eyed the half drunken water bottle on her night stand. I still hadn’t worked up the courage to tell her about my fetish. Things had been going so perfectly, and while I knew she would never judge me, because god she is just so incredible, I still struggled with a deep shame towards my fetish, and every time I came close to telling her, I’d choke on the words and could never get it out.

I snapped out of my thoughts as I felt her begin to stir, murmuring something incoherent and giving her ass a little wiggle, extracting a moan from me, half out of pleasure and half out of frustration.

“You are such a menace” I sighed.

“What did I do?” She asked indignantly, in a sleepy mumble.

“You stole all the blankets! Again!”

I watched as she lazily waved it off with a huff then rolled over so she was facing me, arms wrapping around my exposed waist.

“Oh yeah? And I’ll do it again! What are you gonna do about it, huh?” She challenged, suddenly sounding more awake. I opened my mouth to confidently tell her just what I had planned to do about it, but all that came out was a squeak. A, uh, very manly squeak… as she rolled her hips against my crotch.

“Alright, that’s it! Get over here!” I wrapped my arms around her tightly and rolled us over so I was now on my back with her straddling my hips. She yelped and I felt her tense up and squeeze her legs against my hips, grinding down against my crotch. I let out a moan. Did she just… use my dick to help her hold in her pee? No, it’s probably just my wishful thinking.

I sighed, placing my hands on her beautifully wide hips and looked up at her where I saw her quickly turning her gaze back towards me, releasing the lower lip she had pulled between her teeth. I could’ve sworn she was looking towards the open bathroom door… she must have to pee, but I suppose she’s decided she doesn’t have to go that bad. I slid my left hand down her waist, brushing over her distended bladder, and settling down with my thumb against her already swollen clit, feeling her wetness and heat through her cotton panties.

I began rubbing light circles around it while my right hand trailed up the collar of my old t-shirt she wore, pulling her down against me, pecking her quickly on the nose with a quick smirk at her startled eyes, and then made my way to her lips where I kissed her slow and deep, feeling her moan vibrate against my lips. I cupped her cheek and lazily played with her hair and stroked down her face and neck as we made out while my other hand continued making rhythmic circles around her clit. She began rutting against my painfully hard dick and I could feel her wetness through the layers of fabric between us.

“God I need you right fucking now” I groaned against her lips, sliding my thumb down her clit and pressing against her labia through the fabric. I felt her hesitate for a fraction of a second, so fast I wouldn’t have even noticed her eyes shoot a quick glance towards the bathroom again if I hadn’t been paying attention. But again she just rocked her hips against me and let out a shaky sigh.

“Me too, fuck I can’t wait I need you inside of me” She sighed breathlessly. With that I slid my thumb under the crotch of her panties, pushing them to the side and slid my thumb into her as she gasped. I flexed my thumb upwards inside of her while flexing my wrist so that the edge of my hand rubbed against her clit. She began to moan with pleasure but was cut off when I pulled my hand away, earning me a pout.

Never wanting to disappoint I made quick pace as I slid my dick through the hole in my briefs and held it up for her to slide down on, which she readily did, eyes rolling back in her head. She eagerly road me as I matched each grind with an upwards thrust of my hips, clenching my muscles to get myself as deep inside of her as I could get. The sheer relief of having her warm pussy wrapped tightly around my sensitive dick was enough to make me cum right then and there but I held on.

Hooking my hands around her hips again, my thumbs rested on her hip bones as my fingers grazed her ass around the back. With each grind of her hips I pushed her down even further, finally hitting the spot I knew drove her crazy and i quickly slid one of my thumbs back over her clit, rubbing faster and harder but just as rhythmically this time. Soon I could feel the tell tale sign of her orgasm approaching. Her mouth fell open and her head lolled back as she neared her climax, when suddenly she stiffened and snapped back up. I looked with concern and confusion as I saw the panic in her eyes.

”Oh god no! No no no please no!”

She squealed, quickly jamming both her hands over her crotch, trapping my thumb against her clit, realizing her mistake too late as the added pressure sent her over the edge and her orgasm came crashing down as she wiggled around then froze. I could feel her strong pulse squeezing tightly around my now incredibly sensitive dick, but I was too worried about what made her react that way to come. Until I noticed just how wet she was getting. I let out a strangled gasp as I felt a huge gush of piss press against my hand, then another, and another, as it poured down my crotch, dampening both our underwear. I looked up to see her face bright red and tears brimming her eyes.

”I-I’m so sorry! I thought I could hold it!” She choked out. I lifted my free hand to cup her face so I could console her and reassure her that it was okay, but the action was interrupted when she pulled her hands away from her crotch, letting them fall limp at her sides causing a torrent of piss to flood out. I pulled my hand away too staring transfixed at her rapidly darkening panties as her pee began to pool around my hips and butt on the bed. 

The salty smell, the rushing sounds, the warmth spreading over me, and her lingering orgasm still slowly pulsing around my dick was all too much and despite all of my will to not cum right now, because more than anything I just wanted her to be okay, I lost my own battle and felt the strongest orgasm of my entire life burst out of me, making my mind go blank and my vision go spotty. I tried so hard to hold it back but my hips began thrusting up as my dick strained against its heavy orgasm. 

I looked up, fearing what I’d see, only to see several emotions cross her face in quick succession: shame, confusion, shock, realization, and then intense pleasure as my orgasm stimulating the end of her last orgasm caused her to reach an even greater peak.

With her pussy now tightly clenching and pulsing around my dick while the last spurts of pee continued to pour out sporadically, I nearly blacked out as she road us through the end of both of our orgasms, our loud moans melding together. Finally, she let herself collapse on top of me, accompanied by a resounding splash, and buried her head in the crook of my neck. I held her tightly as I began to feel her body tremble against me.

”Babe, are you okay?! It’s alright sweetie, come here” I turned my head to look at her expecting tears but instead was met with blown black pupils.

”I-“ she gasped out, “have never come so hard in my entire life.”

I let out a surprised laugh. “Yeah, me neither.”

”So you don’t think I’m gross for peeing all over you and the bed?” The look on my face must have said a thousand words because she giggled and gave me a quick but deep kiss before sliding off of me and awkwardly attempting to shift off the bed without making too much more of a mess.

”Sooo… shower?” She asked her hand stretched out towards me. I took it and stood up, pulling her against me for another kiss, only slightly aware of the cooling fabric between us.

“That sounds amazing” I winked, then through her over my shoulder and heading straight for the bathroom, earning a giggle and shriek from her.

“You know, now that my boner is gone I like REALLY need to pee.” She laughed and I could practically feel the mischievous grin spreading across her face from behind me. What a menace.

