The desperate mage

Author: Elyra

*000*2020-10-31 14:47

I like this dungeon. It's pretty cold down here, so the heat from the streets doesn't bother me much. But more than the cold air, I like the walls. They're thick enough, so no one hears my experiments scream.

I smile. My newest experiment lays there in front of me. A young girl, from mage school, careless enough to walk around alone and now she's mine. Tied up to the table and unconscious. Her world would be different when she wakes up. I pour a potion down her throat and after a while two others. Finally she opens her eyes, moaning from headache probably. My hit on her head was quite strong. I look at her smiling „Welcome, experiment 513.“ she blinks and looks finally at me „Where am I? Who are you?“ she tries to move and realizes, shes tied up „What? Let me go! Let... me...“ he falls silent, I can see the horror in her eyes.

I come closer and stroke her cheek. „My name is Eliza. You probably heard the other mages whisper about my dark arts. You probably wonder, why you can't talk, so I will tell you. While you were unconscious, I gave you some potions to drink. One to supress talking by free will. You can only talk, when I allow you to talk. Understood? You may talk until I tell you to be silent again.“ she opens her mouth. Her voice sounds dry „Please, please let me go, I promise, I won't tell anyone. I'm so thirsty, please let me go, I need to drink something.“

My smile becomes wider „Oh, don't worry. I prepared enough to drink for you. You see, the next potion I gave you, makes you thirsty. As if you didn't drink for a long time.“

I turn around and grab a large bottle full with water. I help her drinking and she greedily drinks everything. Then she closes her eyes „Th-Thank you. What will you do with me?“

I chuckled „Oh, nothing too bad. You see, I experiment with another potion. I need to test how long it takes till it works.“ I watch her closely. Her belly, looking bloated from all the water, slowly flattens again. I see the mage bite her lips, she keeps her legs together. I smirk. So the game started „I have to go for a while now. If you need me, you can call me.“ I left the cell, but left the door open.

It didn't take long and I heard her calling me desperately „Eliza? Please come here, please! I need help, please!“

I take my time, after all I know why she calls me. By the time I finally enter her cell, she's covered in sweat and squirming a lot „Oh thank the Gods, please let me go, I need to... I need...“ she blushes hard. Oh, she seems shy about her needs. How adorable. The squirming intensifies, her bladder bulge is huge „Yes, my dear? What do you need?“ I act if I don't realize anything and place my hand on her abdomen. Her bladder is rock hard and even this light touch makes her wince „Oh no, please don't touch, please no, no, no...“ I act surprised „What's wrong my dear? Do you need anything?“ she whimpers, tears are streaming down her face „I... I need... I need to pee! Let me go, I really need to go, it's so bad, it hurts, I'll explode!“ she cries and looks at me, desperation and pain in her eyes.

I nod „I know. The last potion I gave you was diuretica. The strongest I ever made. Of couse I let you go, but...“ she whimpers as I give her bladder a gentle squeeze and presses her legs together even more strongly „B-But? But what?“

I let my hand on her abdomen „I see myself as a scientist. So I have to examine you closely, you understand? That includes certain reactions. Oh, that reminds me. You will not pee. Under no circumstances. Your body functions belong to me now. So you will keep your legs open and you will not pee.“ against her will, her legs open wide. She moans in pain. I rip open her dress completely. The sudden cold wind on her body makes her shiver. I take a very close look at her.

Her nipples got hard in the sudden cold and her womanhood is furiously red, as if it were angry to be forced to keep that flood inside. The girls face is even redder, she keeps her eyes closed and bites her lip hard. Slowly I examine her body, take measures of her chest, hips and of course belly. I press on her overfull bladder more than necessary and she screams in pain and agony, but doesn't move anymore and not even one drop leaves her „Let me go! Please, it hurts, it hurts, it hurts! Let me go, lemmego, lego!“ her speach suffers from pain and desperation.

I pat her womanhood „Soon my dear.“ I enter her slowly with my fingers. Of course she's still a virgin. A good girl, what else. She breathes heavily as I feel her bladder from the inside, then she starts moaning again, but not from pain. I grin and start massaging her bladder from the inside. She whimpers, moans, even screams, trapped between pain, desperation and raising arousal. I place my other hand on her abdomen and while I press her bladder strongly from both sides, I command her „Pee! Now!“ her body reacts immediately and opens the floodgates.

She howls out of relief. Finally she can get rid of the pressure, of the pain. I keep pressing her bladder, feel it grow smaller and smaller until it's finally empty. I look at the giant puddle she peed and smile „Well gone, girl.“ I keep playing with her, now she's fully concentrated on her lust. I feel her getting closer and closer to the edge and decide to stop. She whimpers and looks at me in shock. I grin „I'll come back tomorrow, until then you will think of this wonderful feeling. You will stay trapped in your lust, your body will feel on the edge the whole time. You will not call me and not even try to relief yourself. See you tomorrow.“ I turn around and leave her cell. Tomorrow I'll make her my lusty slave

