Claire Redfield's Desperate Night

Author: essentialred

*000*2020-04-24 01:19

(This is just a continuation off of a previous story. The author hasn't posted an update to their story, and there seems to be interest in continuing it. So here's the next part to it.)

Claire Redfield paused briefly to collect her breath, panting heavily. The gravity of her actions just set in, she had just killed a zombie, who used to be a human just like her. However, there was no time for mourning, as Claire knew she had to get out of the gas station as soon as possible. She grabbed a nearby key from a rack and opened a locked door. As she emerged into the main storefront, she was immediately greeted by the sounds of zombies churning all around the aisles.

With no other choice, Claire started to run through the aisles, a hand clutched up against her lower abdomen. She darted up an aisle, narrowly avoiding a falling shelf that landed with a loud thud right behind her. She gasped out as the exit was in sight. As she was about to open the door, a figured threw open the door, aiming a gun directly in Claire's face. She instinctively raised her hands in surrender. "Woah, don't shoot!" She blurted out, clearly caught off guard.

Instead of shooting her, the figure shouted back at her. "Get down!" He ordered, right as he fired his weapon at a zombie that was right behind Claire. Taking a brief glance back at the limp body, Claire stood up, the sudden movement slightly irritating her bladder. With everything that was going on, she was still searching for a restroom, but there was no way she could use the ones in the gas station, not with zombies roaming all around the premises. "We have to get out of here..." She muttered out, as she started to head towards the exit.

The two of them both exited and emerged on the exterior of the gas station. "You alright?" The figured asked Claire, who turned to face him. "Yeah...I think so...thanks..." She responded, still trying to catch her breath after the tense exchange. "You can thank me later...when we're safe." He responded, as a wave of zombies approached them, swarming around the gas pumps. Just the sight of the horde approaching made Claire nervous, and with her bladder begging for relief, it only exacerbated her issues. However, she wasn't about to wet herself out of fear, not wanting to look like a child. She aimed her gun at the approaching horde, preparing to shoot at them, before her companion glanced at a nearby car. "Come on!" He shouted, as Claire started to follow him into the car, slamming the door shut after her. With skilled precision, he quickly peeled the car out of the gas station and out onto the nearby road.

As they drove down the road, Claire decided to break the silence that lingered in the air. "What the hell is going on?" She asked him, hoping that he would have some for of answer for her. "I don't know...hopefully they'll have some answers at the police station." Claire slowly nodded her head in acknowledgement. "And a bathroom would be nice..." She thought to herself, as her hands instinctively slid down towards her crotch. Thinking about what he said, she turned back to him with a curious look on her face. "Wait...you're a cop?" She asked him.

He slowly responded, nodding his head. "Yeah, Leon Kennedy...and you are?"

"Claire...Claire Redfield..." She responded, sitting up in her seat.

"Live around here?" Leon asked her, following up.

"No...I'm looking for my brother...he's a cop too..." Claire admitted openly.

"Well...it's a good thing we found each other...I don't know what to expect anymore..." Leon responded, as he nodded his head and kept on driving.

Eventually, as the duo entered Raccoon City, they reached a roadblock, with nowhere for the car to go. Before they could react however, a group of zombies started to swarm the doors of the car, smashing their faces up against the windows of the vehicle. "Leon, we gotta back up..." Claire blurted out, but the glimpse of lights approaching from behind caused Claire to gasp out in fear. It soon became clear that a large vehicle was rushing towards them, and it wasn't stopping. "We gotta get out, now!" He barked out, as the two of them pushed up against their doors, trying to get out. However, the doors wouldn't budge as the vehicle still charged at them.

The speeding car careened off the road, slamming into a series of parked cars before ricocheting and hitting the car the duo were in. It was pushed back with a loud thud, before screeching to a halt. As soon as the wreck was over, Claire stumbled out of the car, clutching her lower abdomen. She emerged out into the dark and rainy night which did her no favors for her aching bladder. The sound of rain hitting the asphalt filled the surrounding environment, and Claire could feel a large tugging sensation, as if her bladder's contents wanted to fill the endless stream of liquid falling down.

Claire stumbled around for a few seconds before a massive explosion propelled her against the side of a vehicle, before she crumbled down to the ground with a loud thud. Groaning in pain, she rose to her feet, her hands pressed up against her crotch as she did so. The impact caused her bladder to leak out, and she could feel a slight warmth coming from her panties. "Ugh..." She muttered to herself, as she rubbed her growing bulge before gathering her bearings. She turned and found the burning wreck of the vehicle they were once in, before a shouting voice grabbed her attention. "Claire...Claire, are you ok!" Leon shouted over the fiery wreck.

"Yeah...I'm alright, what about you?" Claire asked, raising her voice as well.

"I can't stay here, it's not safe!" Leon responded, as a wave of zombies started to rise up.

"Go on, I'll meet you at the station!" Claire yelled back, as she turned away and started to run away towards the police station. She narrowly avoided the zombies scattered on the streets. She held her revolver in her right hand, with her left hand clutching her abdomen, trying to hold her bladder in as best as possible. Claire snuck through an alley, emerging on the street in front of the police station. "There it is...the police station...almost there...and then I can finally find a bathroom..." She muttered aloud to herself, as she ran through the large gates of the entryway to the police station, locking the door behind her. She ran up the small pathway and into the interior of the police station, eager to find safety, and a bathroom to relieve her growing urge to pee.

*007*2020-05-09 00:29

As soon as Claire opened the doors to the police station, she loudly announced her presence to the seemingly deserted hall. It was a large hall but there was nobody around as it seemed. "Anybody here?" She loudly announced as she made her way up to the front desk. There was a police laptop opened on the front desk as Claire ran up to it. A list of CCTV cameras appeared, as she searched through them, searching for her brother. However, before she had a chance to locate him, one of the cameras picked up something.

A man appeared to be retreating from a zombified figure, occasionally shooting in the direction of the zombie. "Oh shit...they're inside too..." Claire muttered softly, noting how dire the situation truly had become. The supposed safe place was clearly breached and she was far from safe. As Claire switched through the cameras trying to keep up with the man, he suddenly held up what seemed to be a journal of sorts, pointing it at the camera.

"I found a way out...it's in here!" He exclaimed before the zombie started to rush towards him. The man was able to push the zombie off of him before making a last remark. "Send reinforcements...East Hallway..." He muttered out as the laptop soon showed a map detailing the layout of the police station. What Claire noted was the presence of a bathroom, located on her floor. While her bladder was certainly screaming for relief, she was extremely hesitant to do so. It was clear that the interior of the police station was no longer safe, and the last thing she needed was to have the sound of her peeing attract any unwanted attention.

Claire took a deep breath to compose herself as she stepped away from the laptop. "Maybe I can just...see if the bathroom is empty..." She thought to herself, her left hand instinctively sliding down to the waistline of her jeans. She slowly rubbed her aching bulge as she started to wander around the main hall, seeing if there was anything useful laying around. She searched around the medical cots and containers, eventually finding a spray bottle. She picked it up and glanced at it hesitantly. "Huh...first aid spray? That may come in handy..." She thought to herself, putting it in her utility pouch.

As soon as she completed her search, Claire approached the large grated door. There was a sign taped to the front, with the words "Keep Out" written clearly. Next to the door was a lever, with a red light on top. She pulled the lever down as the door started to churn up, although only raising a few inches before getting stuck. The hole was barely enough for a person to fit through, but Claire had no other option. She got down on the floor, pulling out her flashlight and peering it through into the dark and eerie hallway.

"Great..." Claire muttered out as she went prone against the floor, sliding through the narrow gap. Her bladder was tugging with each movement, being pressed up against the cold hard floor. Her bladder was causing Claire a decent amount of discomfort, and trying to crawl through a narrow space didn't make her situation any better. As Claire made her way through the hole, she soon stood up and started to make her way through the hallway. It was only a few steps before her feet were submerged in a small puddle of water.

As soon as her feet made contact with the ground, Claire's bladder screamed for relief. Claire had to hunch over, jamming both of her hands into her crotch to prevent her bladder's contents from adding onto the standing water. Her pee was trying to escape out but she was determined to hold on as long as possible. "Come on Claire...you can do this...just a little bit more..." She muttered to herself as she resumed walking, exiting the small pond and back onto the cold floor.

Continuing to walk, Claire continued to take deep breaths as she ventured further and further into the unknown. "Focus Claire...Focus..." She reassured herself as she rounded a corner, now on the hallway where the bathrooms were located. She continued to advance until a blockade stopped her progress. "No...no..." She groaned softly, as she surveyed the scene. The hallway was blocked off by a makeshift barricade, with a large cabinet blocking a portion of the way. "If I can just move this...I should be able to move through..." She thought to herself and went to work on moving the cabinet.

Claire braced herself against the cabinet and pushed with all of her might. She grunted out as she pressed both of her hands against it, shoving the heavy cabinet aside with a loud thud. She took a deep breath as she continued on, as she reached her destination. She saw the sign saying "Women" and entered into the door adjacent to it.

Claire searched around the bathroom, finding it clear of any life. Having encountered nobody on her way to the bathroom, she finally convinced herself that the coast was clear and that she would be able to relieve the nagging urge that had been pestering her all night. She couldn't help but smile softly to herself, taking in the seemingly small victory.

As she opened a stall door, Claire's expression soon soured. Water was gushing out of the toilet and onto the floor, as if it was a fountain instead. "No...no...this...this can't be happening..." She muttered to herself, as she opened the other stall doors, finding each was overflowing with water. Her bladder was begging for relief, filled up to the brim and ready to be let go. However, there was no way to use any of the toilets in the condition they were in. Claire took a deep breath to compose herself, sensing how defeated she became. She placed her hand on her bulging abdomen, trying to soothe her bladder. It appeared that she would have to refocus to keep alive.

