Choice: Megan's Rough Morning

Author: exeloro

*000*2020-09-22 18:14

(Note: This is written in the style of the "Choose Your Own Adventure" books. It's a simple premise: Megan wakes up and has to pee. It incorporates branching storylines so depending on what route you choose, Megan can make it to the toilet, pee her pants in public, have to squat in the woods, or several other unique possibilities. I'm just trying this out as an experiment so it may be a little rough. If it works well and there's interest, I'll continue this story with even more possibilities and scenarios. Enjoy!)

Part 1

START

Megan shut off her phone and plugged it in to the charger. She’d spent the past hour browsing through Tik Tok, not realizing how much time had passed. It was late and she was planning on getting up early the next morning to work out and continue her seemingly endless quest to apply for a job. The company she had been interning for didn’t offer her a position, so she needed to find something quick to support her new post-grad city life.

It’s been a year since she graduated college and four months since she moved to the city to strike out on her own. Of course, that meant the outer suburban part of the city, as the rent there was slightly less stroke-inducing than downtown rent. It was always her dream to get a career started in a metropolitan area, away from the small-town quaintness of where she grew up. Megan was determined to make this work, even if it meant a part time job at Aeropostale or TGI Friday’s.

Megan and her group of friends all knew the grind it took to get their adult lives started. She had moved to the city and got a small apartment with Veronica, a girl from her Entrepreneur course in her last Fall semester. They had become friends and agreed to share an apartment when they moved. Also in the apartment was Owen. Megan’s high school friend who was crashing on their couch for a couple of weeks until he found a new apartment.

Post-grad life was not the glamorous liberation the movies and TV shows had promoted. But Megan was dead set on making it.

She settled into bed and turned off the light. The danger of having to move back home was always present, but she was exhausted from the day. Megan yawned and told herself she’d worry about that tomorrow. Though that didn’t stop her from feeling anxious, restless, and something else…. a building sensation in her bladder.

She had to pee.

Nothing too serious. Just a minor annoyance that she could choose to ignore. Megan had been drinking a lot more water throughout the day as part of living a healthier lifestyle. The last time she peed was before dinner. She briefly thought about getting up and using the bathroom out in the hall, but with her already being so comfortable in bed, it seemed miles away. Then again, might as well take care of it now…

- If Megan chooses to take care of this need now, keep reading.

- If Megan chooses to ignore this, skip to SLUMBER

Megan let out an exasperated sigh and pulled off the covers. She had a fairly strong bladder but the urge to pee being constantly at the back of her mind would’ve affect her sleep. She begrudgingly got out of bed and went out to the hallway, towards the next door over.

She entered the bathroom. Her eyes adjusted to the darkness, so she didn’t bother to turn the light on. She headed straight for the toilet and pulled her old running shorts and panties down. As she sat down, something didn’t feel right. The toilet seemed bigger.

It took a second, but Megan realized what was wrong. The seat was up.

Now, from running track and playing volleyball all through school, Megan had thick, athletic thighs, so she didn’t fall in. However, she was now sitting on a cold, porcelain surface that felt wet. Immediately she jumped up.

“Dammit!”

In her head, she cursed Owen for forgetting the most important rule in their shared bathroom. She placed the seat down and seated herself. Much better.

A soft tinkling emanated from under Megan as she peed into the toilet. It was a surprising amount, lasting just shy of 30 seconds. With a light sigh, Megan tore off some toilet paper and wiped. Flushed the toilet as she pulled her shorts up.

She returned to bed, now free of the annoyance from her bladder. She tucked herself back into the covers and fell asleep fast. She was gonna have to talk to Owen in the morning.

- If you chose this route, the story ends here. It will be followed up in “Megan’s Desperate Job Interview.”

SLUMBER

Then again, might as well take care of it now…

Megan shifted and turned to her side on the bed. It’s so warm and cozy already.

“I can hold it. I’ll just wait till tomorrow,” she told herself.

She’s a grown woman. Living on her own in the city. A few more hours of waiting for the bathroom shouldn’t be a bother. With that, she relaxed her mind and was soon fast asleep. What followed was a very restful night’s slumber. The rare instance where she was immediately knocked out and in deep sleep. Her body recharged itself. Her bladder slowly filled up with more liquid. She had been doing more intense workouts lately, as she didn’t want to fall into unhealthy habits when living on her own. Most mornings she found herself sore from exercising.

Megan slept soundly for the next few hours. Shifting and turning. Borderline snoring. Very uneventful, until….

The sound of the front door being fumbled open and haphazardly shut brings Megan out of her deep sleep. Slowly getting her bearings, she heard footsteps walk from the kitchen to their living room, which is right on the other side of her bedroom wall. She quickly looked at her phone. It was 3AM in the morning. There was an instant rise in panic, as Megan feared there was an intruder, but she took a second to think clearly and calmed herself down. It was most likely Owen, coming back from another late night of partying and being out at the bars.

Megan didn’t know how Owen did it. He’d only moved to the city three weeks ago, and already he’s working two part time jobs. On top of all that, he found the time to go out nearly every night with friends he’s made at work or with Megan and Veronica if they’re free. Work hard play hard was always his M.O.

It was at this point that Megan became very aware of the pressure in her bladder. She still needed to pee, and it was getting worse. She was at the point where visiting the toilet would be the most logical action.

But, as it always goes, the bathroom seemed miles away, even though it was right down the hall. Megan didn’t want to compromise the perfectly comfortable position she’s made for herself in bed, underneath the fluffy covers and soft pillows. What’s more, if she went to the bathroom to pee, it might take an hour or two for her to fall back asleep. Her sleep schedule would be thrown off course. So, she decided to hold it.

She tried her best to get her mind off her growing need to urinate, trying to plan her day ahead or fantasize about her guy friend Marcel’s cute roommate, one apartment building over. But try as she might, her thoughts always returned to the desire for the toilet.

It was getting pretty bad at this point. The sensation was on the same level as when Megan has had about three beers and a margarita at a bar and she still hadn’t broken the seal.

Megan reached her hands down and placed them on her crotch. She squeezed her legs together, hoping to ease some of the pressure. It seemed to work. For now.

Twisting like a pretzel under the covers, Megan remembered the last time she was this desperate in bed. It was during her senior year of high school. She had a few friends over and one of them convinced the others to watch a scary movie. One about a serial killer hunting down a group of paramedics. Looking back, it was probably a cheap B movie, but when Megan saw it for the first time, she was horrified.

She laid in bed that night, replaying the violent and creepy images in her head. Her friends were all asleep, but Megan was afraid to shut her eyes. All the soda and water she drank during the movie had gone through her and were ready to burst out. She desperately needed the bathroom, but she was so terrified that the serial killer would jump out of the shadows and get her.

She made it two hours, holding herself, before having to resort to waking up one of her friends so she could keep her company while she peed in the bathroom.

Megan had grown a lot since then, and a meager scary movie isn’t gonna get in the way of her relieving herself.

What did get in her way, without fail, is laziness.

It felt like too much effort to go to the bathroom. She was confident she could hold it until morning. All she had to do was fall back asleep. She was never a bedwetter, and her bladder control was top notch, in her opinion.

But perhaps she should stop being so stubborn and give herself the relief she’s been denying herself all night…

- If Megan chooses to go back to sleep, skip to DAWN.

- If Megan chooses to go to the bathroom, keep reading.

She’s definitely pushing herself past her usual limit. She’s made it through non-stop six-hour car rides and a Lord of the Rings movie marathon without needing to pee, but this was before she made the resolution to drink a gallon a day.

Her mind also drifted to an article she came across the other day about how it’s dangerous to hold your pee in for too long. It can result in damage to the bladder or even UTIs. Veronica had a UTI once and she said it felt like peeing fire.

That thought was enough to get Megan to throw her covers off and sit up in bed. She’s held it long enough. A slight spasm in her bladder gave her pause, and she carefully got up and made her way to the bathroom.

She shivered as she left her comforters and stepped into the cool air conditioning. She was only wearing her old running shorts and a faded sleeveless tee from high school. No bra of course.

The apartment Megan and Veronica shared had two bathrooms. One was out in the hallway, near Megan’s room, while the other was built into Veronica’s bedroom. When they first got it, they both agreed that Veronica can have the fancier bathroom. Megan didn’t care too much, though now she wished she gave that decision more thought.

Megan walked up to the bathroom door and saw the door shut and the light on inside. Fearing the worst, she tried the handle. Locked.

She put her ear up to the door. On the other side, someone was retching and puking. Megan let out an exasperated sigh.

This was the third night that Owen had come home blind drunk and spent most of the night vomiting into the toilet. Yet he’s always able to wake up early and make it to work on time the next day.

Megan stood in front of the bathroom door and crossed her legs tight. Her bladder was definitely at maximum capacity. Being mere feet away from the toilet, only separated by one door, made the pain even worse. Her beathing quickened as it felt like she might lose control. Pissing herself on the hallway carpet was not something she wanted to even entertain the possibility of. If only Owen would hurry up and get out of the bathroom.

Megan grabbed her crotch with both hands and started bouncing up and down. She really had to pee.

“Hurry up. Please. Please. Hurry…” She muttered under her breath.

After a few minutes of desperately waiting, it was clear Owen wasn’t going to be done any time soon. Either he was passed out on the floor or was still puking. Megan’s eyes were beginning to float. She had to come up with an alternative.

She scanned her environment, looking for anywhere else she could pee. Her first thought was the kitchen sink. It was lewd, but desperate times called for desperate measures. And it wouldn’t be the first time she’s peed in a sink.

Another option would be to go into Veronica’s room and use her bathroom. But her boyfriend, Lewis, was over and Megan didn’t want to have to wake them both up to let her in. Veronica would usually lock her bedroom door when she slept.

Megan weighed her options. With all this critical thinking, the desperate sensation in her bladder abated somewhat. It didn’t feel as bad as before, but her bladder was still definitely full. She could always just try to go back to sleep and finally have that satisfying pee in the morning, when the bathroom would be free for sure.

She thought about each possibility carefully.

- If Megan chooses to try and go back to sleep, skip to DAWN.

- If Megan chooses to pee in the sink, go to ISLAND.

- If Megan chooses to try Veronica’s bathroom, go to KNOCK.

KNOCK

A spurt suddenly escaped into Megan’s panties, followed by an involuntary gasp. She needed to go. NOW.

Her long legs squeezed together, Megan made her way across the apartment to Veronica’s room. As she passed the living room, she noticed a lot of Owen’s stuff strewn across the floor. She’d have to talk to him soon about keeping his space tidy. Right now though, she had much more important business to attend to.

She reached Veronica’s door and was just about to start knocking when a sound stopped her.

More specifically, it was a moan.

“You’ve gotta be kidding me.”

Megan didn’t have to listen to closely to pick up on the heavy breathing and the sensual moaning on the other side of the door. She remembered that Lewis was over, and when he spent the night, the two of them could go at it until dawn the next morning. Just thinking about that exhausted Megan. Their stamina must have been off the charts.

However, this was a problem. There was no way Megan was interrupting their sex session so she could run in and use their toilet. Her and Veronica weren’t close enough friends to do that.

Megan was on the verge of pissing her pants, but her anxiety at such an awkward interaction won out. She turned away from Veronica’s door. That option’s a no-go.

- If Megan chooses to pee in the sink, go to ISLAND.

- If Megan chooses to go back to bed, go to DAWN.

- If Megan chooses to try and wait for her own bathroom, keep reading.

Perhaps Owen was almost down with the bathroom, Megan thought to herself. It’s better than having to pee in the sink.

Her bladder was on a hair trigger now. She had to be very careful in moving, or the slightest disturbance could set it off. Getting her bearings, Megan made the trek through the living room, back towards her own bathroom, where she could hear a toilet flush.

At last, it seemed as though Owen was done. All Megan had to do was get there –

“Thank God…”

Megan was so focused at the window of opportunity that she didn’t see she was walking right into Owen’s pile of stuff. Her foot caught the strap of his duffle bag and pulled her down. Enough to cause her to trip and hit the carpeted floor.

“Ah!”

Megan hits the floor hard. In a desperate attempt to stay vertical, Megan grabbed for the nearest object, only managing to knock a lamp down onto the floor with a loud crash.

The jolt of tripping caused her to lose control. As soon as she hit the floor, Megan knew it was over.

“Shit! No no no no!”

Warm pee gushed uncontrollably into her shorts, quickly soaking the carpet. Megan was frozen in place. She tried to stop the flow, but it was no use. There was no stopping the flood. She could feel warmth between her legs and around her butt as her pee spread on the floor. She got into a sitting position as she continued to pee endlessly.

To make things even worse, Veronica’s bedroom door opened. Lewis was out first, only wearing boxers. Behind him was Veronica, wrapped in a blanket.

“Who’s out here!” Lewis yelled. His eyes fell on Megan, still wetting herself on the floor.

“Oh, Megan. We thought someone was trying to break in.”

“Meg, what happened? You okay?” Veronica stepped forward.

Megan couldn’t find the words. She was too humiliated to speak. It was then that Veronica notices the pee puddle forming. Lewis then saw it.

“Oh.”

The other bathroom door opened and Owen stepped out, yet another witness to Megan’s humiliation. Megan buries her face into her knees.

“What’s going on?” Owen asked.

“Dude, shut up,” Lewis said.

Veronica knelt down next to Megan. Who’s on the verge of tears.

“Hey. It’s okay.”

“I’m sorry. I can clean it up. I’m so sorry,” Megan sobbed.

“Babe, get some towels and the carpet cleaner.”

Lewis nodded and went to the kitchen. Veronica gently helped Megan stand. He shorts were completely soaked. Owen grabs one of his towels and places it on the wet carpet.

As Lewis and Owen cleaned up Megan’s pee, Veronica accompanied her to the bathroom. There she washed off and put on fresh clothes.

The two of them headed for Megan’s bedroom.

“That was so fucking embarrassing.”

“Hey, don’t worry about it. I once pissed myself at a tailgate party. In front of Delta Psi. I didn’t leave my dorm for days.”

Veronica smiled. Megan managed a laugh.

This incident will be forever burned into Megan’s memory, but now it seems like Veronica and Megan are one step closer to being true roomies.

- If you chose this route, the story ends here. This will be followed up in “Megan and Veronica’s Wild Night”.

ISLAND

“Fuck it. I gotta pee.”

Megan said to no one in particular. Desperate times, desperate measures. Still tightly grabbing herself, she made her way through the dark, nearly tripping on Owen’s duffle bag next to the couch. She got to the kitchen and looked upon her chosen salvation. The kitchen sink.

Their apartment was small, but Megan considered them lucky that they found one that looked nice enough to be the go-to for their friends to hangout at. The kitchen was a particular highlight.

It was in one of the newer buildings from the recent expansion, and the counter tops were polished granite slabs and the sinks were sleek stainless steel. The appliances were all the latest models, and the sink and main counter top were their own island, serving as a border between the living room and kitchen.

Megan stepped from the living room carpet into the cool tile of the kitchen. The sudden cold on her bare feet nearly make her lose control.

She stood in front of the sink with her thighs squeezed together. To her dismay, it was full of dirty dishes. Of course.

She began the painful process of moving the plates and cups out of the sink and pouring the water out of them. Each splash of liquid on the stainless steel was utter torture for her.

Yet she held on. She’s gotten this far, she was going to make it all the way to the end.

She set the last cup down on the counter and took a deep breath. She scanned her surroundings. All was quiet.

Once the coast was clear, Megan carefully slid her shorts down to her knees. As far as her clamped legs would let them go. With some effort, she hoisted herself onto the sink, positioning her butt over the drain as the back of her thighs bit into the cold granite. The sink was wide, so she had to spread her legs a bit to balance the weight. She held the edges of the sink for support, and soon she was stable.

Megan felt incredibly weird exposing herself like that in the middle of their kitchen. Her feet dangling off the counter and her shorts bunched around her knees. But that didn’t matter much because—

“Ahhhhh…”

Her pee burst forth from her urethra and splashed against the steel sink, giving off an odd metallic patter. It started as a steady stream, then grew into a gusher. The relief was immense. Megan let out a long, hushed sigh as her urine flowed. She’d done it. She made it to a toilet. Well, sort of.

As Megan relished the pleasure of finally relieving herself, her eyes flitted up and saw what was directly across from her.

The way the apartment was set up, the kitchen island was perpendicular to the hallway leading to her room. So as Megan sat on the sink, peeing full force, she was directly facing the bathroom door where Owen was vomiting not too long ago.

“Oh no.”

Before she could even wish away the possibility, the bathroom door opened and Owen stepped out. Not two steps later he froze in his tracks as his eyes met Megan’s. She’s a deer in headlights. Sitting on the sink, still peeing, her legs open giving Owen a clear view of her vagina. They were silent, save for Megan’s gushing pee stream, which showed no signs of stopping.

“Um. Hey,” Owen said. Eyes wide. Suddenly sober.

“Hey.” Megan flushed red in the darkness.

More awkward silence. Megan’s pee seemed to gush even louder. Owen looked away.

“Are you okay?”

“Sorry. I just. I really had to go.”

“Do you need the bathroom?”

Megan’s stream started to weaken.

“A little late for that.”

Now a steady trickle.

“Oh okay. Sorry. I felt really sick and –”

“It’s fine.”

“I’m, uh, gonna go to bed.”

Owen stumbled to the couch, not being able to help but stare again at Megan’s mortified form perched on the sink.

“Goodnight.”

“Night.”

Megan punctuated this with a couple more spurts of pee. Then she was done. Finally. She buried her face in her hands.

Owen collapsed onto the couch. Burying himself beneath the blankets. Megan’s face felt like it was burning. She didn’t even bother to wipe. She quickly hopped off the sink and pulled up her shorts. She scurried over to her room and shut the door behind her.

She felt so embarrassed. Owen was a friend of hers, but she was nowhere near comfortable enough to let him see her like that. Her only hope was that Owen’s hangover in the morning would purge his memory of seeing her pee in the sink.

At least her bladder was empty now, and she felt an overwhelming sense of relief.

- If you chose this route, the story ends here.

DAWN

It’s settled then. In the morning, she’d make a beeline for the toilet right after she woke up. Despite the building pressure, she eventually drifted off to sleep.

Megan’s eyes fluttered open at around 6AM, as the first rays of sunlight peeked through her blinds. It was two hours before she had set her alarm to go off. Megan rolled in bed and immediately felt the pang in her bladder. Her need to pee had increased significantly since last night. That was an understatement. She was definitely bursting at this point.

She checked the clock and noticed she was early to rise. Probably her bladder once again nudging her to finally let it release.

Annoyed, Megan tightly crossed her legs under the covers. She still felt groggy and sleepy, and she’s in that wonderful space where she had woken up and realized she still had a couple of hours to keep sleeping. However, her full bladder was begging for relief, and she didn’t know if she could hold it for much longer.

- If Megan chooses to stay in bed and keep holding her pee, skip to RISE.

- If Megan chooses to get up and finally go pee, keep reading.

This was it.

She couldn’t wait anymore. She’d pushed her holding capabilities to its absolute maximum. If she didn’t use the bathroom soon, her bed sheets would be thoroughly soaked.

Megan carefully sat up in bed and pulled off the covers. As she stood, she had to quickly jam her hands into her crotch and bend forward. Her urethra was screaming for the toilet, and Megan sucked air through her teeth at the sudden sensation. Now that she was standing, her need to pee was exponentially worse. She was seconds away from exploding.

She hurried out into the hall and towards the bathroom door, which hung ajar. Megan wasted no time and stepped inside, locking the door behind her.

At long last, after putting off her immense desire to piss all night, the toilet stood in front of her, welcoming her with open arms.

The sun was getting brighter through the small window, and Megan saw that Owen had once again left the toilet seat up. She had a split second to be annoyed before hurriedly putting the seat down. She felt a spurt come out. Only a small one, but she was cutting it dangerously close. She turned around and quickly slid her shorts and panties down to around her ankles.

Megan sat down on the toilet and no sooner than she did, her pee burst out of her with such force that she felt splash back on her thighs. Her stream pierced the water, filling the small apartment bathroom with a loud hiss equivalent to a fire hydrant.

Megan felt nothing but bliss as she felt her bladder empty. She moaned with ecstasy. Her toes curled and she bit her lip as her pee gushed out of her for seemingly several minutes straight. She sat with her legs closed and arms resting on her thighs. She leaned forward slightly and let her eyes close as she enjoyed the amazing sensation of taking that morning pee.

It was strange. The feeling was borderline sexual. Megan felt a tingling between her legs as she peed. She’d been in desperate need to pee before, but this was the first time she could recall being aroused by relieving a full bladder. Megan felt weird, but also a little naughty at the notion.

By now her stream had weakened to a steady trickle. After several more seconds, she let out a few more strong spurts and shivered one last time as her arguably longest ever pee came to an end. Megan couldn’t help but let out a long sigh. She was exhausted, as if she’d just climaxed after an hour of foreplay.

She reached for some toilet paper but stopped herself. That tingling feeling wasn’t going away. Technically she still had an hour and a half before her alarm went off.

Megan deviously smiled to herself. Good thing she forced herself to get up early. She licked two of her fingers and reached down between her legs.

- If you chose this route, the story ends here.

RISE

Megan jolted awake to her third alarm blaring. In the confusion, she quickly shut it off and saw the time. She’d overslept by a whole hour.

“Shit!”

She quickly got up, but suddenly realized that was a horrible mistake. Immediately a hefty gush of pee splashed into her shorts. Megan froze in place. The pain in her bladder radiated six-fold. Megan couldn’t believe it. She’d held her pee all night long and now she was paying the price. She shouldn’t have waited. Now, she felt like if she even moved an inch, she’d lose all control and pee her shorts on the spot.

But she was determined not to let this happen. This was definitely the worst she’s ever had to pee as far as she could remember, but she was sure she could still make it to the bathroom. It was only a few feet away.

After a few agonizing minutes of regaining her composure, Megan felt the wave of desperation go down a few levels. When she was sure she had gotten control back, she headed for the bathroom, one careful step at a time.

She was nearly there. Megan was already fantasizing about sitting on the toilet and letting loose. The immense relief she was about to feel.

She reached the door and turned the handle. Locked.

Megan’s world collapsed all around her. Inside the bathroom, the shower was already going.

Megan could’ve cried. Owen had a morning shift at the hardware store and was already in the shower. She had waited too long.

She buried her hands into her crotch and crossed her legs tight. Megan hoped that Owen was nearly done showering and she’d finally be able to pee.

If not, she’s screwed…. Unless there was an alternative.

- To see how the rest of this plays out, stay tuned for Part 2!

*002*2020-09-27 23:11

{{6 hours ago, LifeIsStrange said:

Great story, but shouldn't this be in the Interactive section?

}}

I was debating whether I should post it there or here. From what I saw in the interactive section, it seemed like the stories there were more hands on with the participation. I wasn't sure though. I can post it there if it seems more appropriate.
