Mommy, that’s MY Potty!

Author: Emizzle94

*000*2017-09-30 15:54

A sigh escaped her as she sat on the couch, a young child in her arms. If she thought that having a baby was hard, having a toddler was much harder. The infant was always getting into things that she shouldn’t, picking up things and putting them in her mouth, things that could cause her harm!

In the end, she and her fiancé had decided to child-proof the entire house! Even going as far as to lock the bathroom door!

Normally, she would’ve called her fiancé out for being such a freak as to want to lock the door that lead to the toilet, but after she’d seen the child pulling the toilet freshener off of the side and putting it in her mouth! Well that just sealed the deal for her and on went the lock.

As much as she loved her little daughter, she knew that she would be glad when she was of an age where she could be told not to touch things. Then the locks could come off, as it was now, it was a chore to even find the key to the bathroom door, thankfully she’d never been absolutely desperate to go, but still.

“Awww, she’s so cute. I wish mine was like that,” her friend said.

She smiled and looked down at the sleeping child.

“She sleeps almost all the time,” she replied.

Her friend gave an adoring smile and then looked her in the eye.

“Are you potty training her yet?” She asked.

The woman nodded and sighed, picking up her coffee and taking a sip, before putting it back down.

“Yeah, but it’s not easy. I’m just glad that we have linoleum flooring,” she stated.

Her friend laughed and they continued to talk and drink their coffees, until it was time for her friend to go.

“Well, I’ll see you soon,” her friend said.

A smile appeared on the woman’s face, and the two friends hugged before going their separate ways.

###

Several hours later, the amount of coffee the woman drank with her friend was beginning to catch up with her. Feeling the need to pee, she headed towards the public restrooms, opting to use the disabled and baby changing room so the pushchair could fit inside.

When she opened the door, she almost heaved. The bathroom was in a complete state of disarray, and there was a foul smell coming from the toilet itself. Shaking her head, she decided that she could wait until she got home.

Abandoning the public restrooms, the woman made her way towards the bus station, looking at the times for all the busses. Her heart almost sank when she saw that her bus was delayed by ten minutes!! She crossed her legs slightly and went to sit on one of the seats in the bus station.

As time went past, the woman found herself becoming more and more desperate. She could hardly sit still now, and her legs were pressed together so hard that she was sure there’d be bruises later on.

Finally her bus arrived, and she was one of the first to get on. Having stood up though, gravity had been pulling at her almost over full bladder, and she was more desperate now.

Sitting down on the seat, she once again crossed her legs and squirmed.

She hoped with all her might that the bus didn’t need to make too many stops, because she didn’t think that she’d make it if it did.

###

A full half an hour later, the woman got off of the bus with her child and walked hurriedly to her house. Her desperation made her shake so much that she had trouble putting the key in the lock, and when she did it was to a slight spurt into her panties.

Giving a groan, she pressed her thighs together and opened the door as fast as possible. It was then, that her child started to cry and she quickly had to let the child out of the pushchair, before running up the stairs.

Getting to the bathroom, she pulled on the handle, but then remembered that the door was locked! A groan escaped her as she lifted her hand to the top ledge of the door and tried to find the key. It was no use though, as the woman remembered that she’d put the key in her jewellery box, downstairs.

Giving another groan, the woman quickly made it downstairs when she felt another spurt. She wasn’t going to last if she had to go up those stairs again.

Suddenly, something caught her eye. The bright pink colour of her daughter’s potty! Hurrying over to it, she picked it up and took it to a space where she believed she wouldn’t be seen, before pulling up her skirt and pulling down her panties. She sat on the potty and released a torrent of piss into the plastic toilet, sighing in relief.

She was so into her relief, that she didn’t hear the front door open and close. When she looked up, her eyes widened when she saw her fiancé stood there with their daughter in his arms. She gave a nervous chuckle.

“Hey.”

*006*2017-10-02 14:47

{{1 minute ago, WaityKaty said:

Maybe she was doing the "mummy brag" thing. :p

That's what I assumed anyway!

}}

Kinda. Lol

