Research Samples

Author: EnragedFilia

*000*2021-11-20 12:43

When it was over she sat back, emotionally exhausted from watching and sympathizing with Tara's struggle and with a whole new appreciation for the real value of her sample. She already knew what it could mean for the project, but seeing what Tara really went through to bring it safely back to them somehow made it seem even more precious. "That's it, right?" Cam sounded excited. "It's exactly what we needed!"

Clarice nodded distantly. "Yeah, she gave us just what we- huh?" she started before she thought about what Cam meant.

Cam went on, "This explains everything. The numbers we saw, and what happened with the sample." She giggled, still giddy and now triumphant besides. "It was in her bladder the whole time!"

"It was... what?" Of course the sample was in Tara's bladder, that's why Tara had to sit through her final squirming and suffering, so that she could get back to the health center afterward to give her sample. But that wouldn't explain the numbers and the results from the sample. Unless...

"The formula, I mean. The enzyme. It spent that whole time in Tira's bladder, that's how it happened!"

"I told you, her name's Tara. And what does that have to do with it? Do you mean-"

"It's the hormones and the pH balance, just like we were dealing with in the first place, remember?" In the earlier stages of the project they'd had to spend a bit of time and quite a bit of effort coming up with an enzyme that would remain fully active under the conditions of their experiment, including pH level and especially hormone levels. Even after all that, they'd had to exclude quite a lot of potential volunteers, in particular all males and anyone over about 26. "That whole time we were just trying for something that would keep working when a volunteer takes it, and we ended up with something that works even better in a volunteer's bladder!"

"In the... oh. So then that means..." She had to admit the idea almost made sense. The enzymes would pass through the kidneys unaltered, along with all of the products and most of the major reactants. And the bladder would have a very different pH level, which had to have a major effect on their activity. They would need to do some calculations and maybe another experiment to figure out just what effect, of course. But still, it seemed like there was something else too...

"So it's simple. Your girl Tara waited longer than the others, so the enzyme spent more time in the bladder and ended up being that much more effective." Clarice nodded slowly, something still tickling at the edge of her mind. Cam went on. "Now, according to the timestamps, she must have come back after about two and a half hours, right?"

"Yeah, I guess. Maybe it was closer to three," she answered distantly. "The exact times should be in the system if you need to check."

"Perfect! I've waited at least three hours." At that apparent nonsequitur Clarice looked up, just in time to see Cam slide halfway off her chair and lift her top slightly, just far enough to expose her midriff and reveal the quite sizable bulge there.

"...Huh? Wh-what do you-" Clarice gaped and sputtered as Camille reached into her desk drawer and took out a sample cup. "Y-you mean- Are you going to-?"

"I took the formula earlier, and I had plenty to drink since then," nodding vaguely toward the empty cans on the desk, Cam unscrewed the sample cup and started to undo her pants. "So my results should be just like Tara's, right?"

"That's-" Camille began, trailing off as something occurred to her. "But that's self-experimentation." There were strict department policies against using any results obtained by self-experimentation, mostly designed to avoid giving researchers a reason to consider using themselves when they couldn't find volunteers for potentially dangerous experiments. "You know we can't include anything from-"

"Then I won't include it," Cam said with a shrug, squatting carefully. "Anyway, this isn't even an experiment, I'll just verify our interpretation of Tara's results." She pulled her pants down to her ankles before pulling her panties down to her knees, so Clarice was able to look away in time. She shifted slightly and gingerly looked back, careful to avoid seeing something impolite. Instead she watched as Cam positioned the sample cup between her legs and gave a little sigh.

There was a moment of silent suspense and then the stream shot out, with a hissing and splattering sound that gradually turned into splashing as Cam emptied her bladder and filled her cup. Clarice found herself thinking back to that other splashing stream she heard earlier. It was the same, but... it was different too. And that meant...

"I got it!" she exclaimed, jumping to her feet with a gasp.

Cam glanced up with a smirk, "I knew you'd figure it out. It's still a pretty nice breakthrough, but really not enough for a major-"

"Not that! It's-" she struggled for words. The burst of insight was like a camera flash or a lightning bolt, illuminating every detail all at once, not like figuring things out but just seeing it laid out right there from end to end. She had to take a moment to organize the idea before she could even begin to explain any of it. "It was- the enzyme, it was in her bladder, just like you said. But it wasn't just there for longer, it-." She paused, took a breath and tried to focus and rearrange her thoughts into something more coherent. "Tara didn't just wait longer than the others. She waited as long as she *possibly* could." Cam just frowned and nodded slightly. "So that whole time the enzyme was working, right? But while it was working she was still waiting and- I mean, she was still holding it, so the conditions were shifting. I mean, the- the pH level and-"

"And the hormones," Cam breathed, her voice rising and quavering as the same realization dawned on her too. "The hormone levels were shifting while the enzyme was still working. And the reaction's products-"

"The parasympathetic response triggers the Pontin- th- the PMR," Clarice took another breath and forced herself to slow down a little. "So that once the reaction gets going the stress hormones spike, and that shifts the conditions for the enzyme. But now since the reaction's products are there too-"

"They become the new reactants... in a second-order reaction!" Cam exclaimed breathlessly as the last piece of the puzzle slipped into place. "That's where the extra products came from, there was a whole new set of reactions that we never even considered."

"And it could keep going too. There's no telling how many iterations are possible with different permutations of... well, hormone levels, and, uh-"

"That girl... she gave us a new set of reactions with a whole new set of products," Cam went on, "and all she did was keep holding it a little more."

"There was nothing little about it," Clarice muttered with some irritation. "I mean you saw what happened too." She shuddered slightly at the thought of what poor Tara had to go through.

Camille looked down and shifted her legs slightly to examine the bulge beneath her bellybutton. Again Clarice jerked her eyes away from the impolite view. She didn't need to look any longer than that to tell that as big and impressive as it might be, Cam's bulge was nothing at all like Tara's, and her stream was nothing at all like Tara's either. That stream was just starting to taper off now as her bladder finished emptying itself, but in just the time it took to fill her sample cup everything had changed. "You're right," Cam admitted, "this really is a major breakthrough." She looked up and started to grin. "And now we've really got to keep researching it."

Clarice nodded. "Of course. We'll need to come up with a whole new experiment." She frowned in concentration as she thought about how to design one. There were so many new factors that might be relevant to their new hypothesis, so many things they hadn't even considered before.

"You've been in the lab for a few hours, right?" Camille asked casually as she screwed the lid back on her sample cup.

"Mm-hmm, I guess." Lost in thought, Clarice answered before she thought to wonder about the meaning of the question.

"And you were at the reception desk for a few hours before that, weren't you?" Cam was pulling her pants back up.

"I-" Clarice looked over and narrowed her eyes suspiciously. "Well yeah, since just after lunch. Why does that-"

"Great!" Cam declared, setting her sample cup down on the desk with a thump, then reaching again into her desk drawer. "And I noticed you had that energy drink earlier, too."

Clarice nodded uneasily. "Um, yeah. I had three today..." she trailed off as the direction of Cam's questions and their meaning began to dawn on her. "Wait, do you mean-"

"Oh, that's perfect," Cam declared as she got out a fresh dose of the formula they'd prepared for today's volunteers. Looking at that, Clarice found herself suddenly becoming highly aware of a gentle yet quite distinct and quite uncomfortable feeling. A feeling that must have been gradually building while she sat in the lab, too focused on her work to notice it at all. A feeling that, she now suspected, was going to get quite a bit more uncomfortable before her work was quite finished tonight. "So I guess you shouldn't need too much longer then," Cam concluded, rising from the drawer and plunking the formula down on the desk, along with a fresh empty sample cup.

Her suspicions confirmed, Clarice's face fell, while Cam just grinned happily and added, "Tara showed us just how long she could hold it, so now let's just see how long you can hold it."

###

Experiment #2: The Game

Another cheer went up and she swept her view over the audience again, paying particular attention to the group of girls in the front row.

"Wow, this is getting really good," Cam said next to her. "How does it look over there?"

Clarice gave a little irritated sigh before she replied, "It's coming along alright." After another sweep of the front row she lowered her binoculars and glanced over. Just as she thought, Camille seemed to be paying a lot more attention to what was happening with the game down on the field as with the audience up in the stands. They needed binoculars to see much of anything from these seats all the way up in the highest row, which at least meant they could watch the audience without being too obvious about it.

Raising her own binoculars again, she looked back at the front row. The last of the cheers were fading now and the girls that had stood up were sitting back down, while the girls that had only leaned forward to cheer leaned back again, and just about all of them crossed their legs. When the last of the excitement faded it seemed to be replaced by a sense of anxious restlessness, and when a girl all the way at the far end of the front row leaned over to say something to the girl next to her Clarice couldn't help but imagine that she was saying something like, 'I gotta go'.

"Everything's progressing just as expected." Clarice went on without lowering her binoculars again. Down there a different girl from the second row got to her feet and started moving away, only to stop with a look of dismay when she saw the big long line right where she was headed. She hesitated, looking nervously back down to the field, then returned to her seat, still holding it. "It's starting to look like this might just work out after all"

"Well of course!" Cam said with a snicker, not quite bragging but still sounding a bit smug. "I knew you'd change your mind." It was Camille that came up with this whole idea, and at first Clarice had her doubts about it. There were just so many unpredictable factors, and Cam was never exactly the best at planning out all the details and thinking through every little possibility in her experimental designs. But at least so far everything seemed to be turning out exactly like she said it would. It was most visible there in the first few rows, but wherever Clarice looked she saw the same thing. All over the crowded stadium there were girls looking restless and crossing their legs and even starting to squirm, showing all the signs that they all had to go. And it was all thanks to Cam's plan, and everything that she and Clarice set up earlier, before the game started.

First they'd checked on the 'collection apparatus'. It had been set up in the parking lot last night, so all they really had to do was make sure that none of the equipment got damaged in transport or anything. The first few sports fans were starting to arrive then, just waiting there in the parking lot chatting and drinking. Cam said that was a sort of tradition before all the bigger games, and sometimes a few of the smaller but more important games like this one. After a while they started lining up at the ticket counters, and it was time for Cam to get to work.

'Hi there! We're here from the health center for a little experiment,' she could still hear that opening line, the one they'd practiced so many times to get just enough of a 'bright and breezy' tone to soften the 'sales pitch'. 'Would you like to help out with a quick taste test?' She could still see the prospective volunteers' faces too, the uncomfortable wariness there disappearing when it became apparent they weren't being asked to donate anything or fill out any opinion survey. And then the eagerness that appeared when a volunteer saw what was in their little cooler.

It was a very warm morning, after all, and anyone that didn't bring anything to drink before the game must have been regretting it, while anyone that did had just had to leave it behind in the parking lot. So the offer of a nice cold drink must have been a very welcome one to a volunteer who was already stuck in line anyway, and even better if she could help out 'the health center' all without doing anything more difficult than presenting a student ID and answering a few questions about the taste.

The answers they got were mostly along the lines of 'tart and tangy', which made sense since it was mostly just ordinary fruit juice, but of course the taste test wasn't the real point. Because when those volunteers signed the questionnaires they also signed a consent form, and hardly any of them even glanced through it when they did. And nobody at all seemed to notice the part on the third page where it mentioned 'collecting samples'. 

So they'd ended up with plenty of volunteers who happily drank their juice with the formula in it and signed their forms with the consent release, and now all that was left to do was wait until it was time to collect all their samples. Of course there were plenty of guys that ended up volunteering too, but Cam had planned for that and made sure to bring plenty of extra juice without any formula, both for guys and for any girls that wanted a refill. They couldn't give any of their test subjects a double dose of formula, after all, so any girls that were extra thirsty just got extra fruit juice, and that ought to be just fine for their experiment.

"Hey, it really is coming along over there," Cam said, and swept her view over the audience. There seemed to be some kind of lull in the action on the field, and Cam seemed to have remembered that they were supposed to be here monitoring their experiment and not just watching a game. Quite a few audience members seemed to have noticed the lull as well, and were taking advantage of the opportunity to get up and take a quick break. 

Clarice watched as a little group of girls from somewhere around the third row got up together and hurried over to the back of the nearest line and waited there, looking a little nervous and quite a bit restless. They waited just about long enough for the line to start to move a little before there was another cheer as the action seemed to resume, and those girls looked anxiously back down at the field and almost all of them hurried right back to their seats, still holding it. "Oh yeah, looks like this is going to work out just great," Cam chuckled, turning her attention back to the game too.

Apparently it was a really exiting game, just like Camille said it would be. Clarice herself could hardly even make sense of what was going on when she looked at the field, let alone everything Cam had excitedly explained about it earlier. From what she could understand it had to do with some longstanding intercollegiate rivalry and both teams' star players returning from some sort of hiatus, but whatever Camille said the reason for it was, Clarice could easily see the truth of it right in front of her. Just about the whole crowd seemed to be really getting into it and growing steadily more excited, especially there in the first few rows. 

And at the same time, Clarice could see just as easily that quite a lot of the crowd was also growing steadily more uncomfortable, especially right there in the front row. But even as the girls there became more and more nervous and restless, their tightly crossed legs starting to bounce irrhythmically, not a single one got up from her seat. They all just sat there and they all just kept holding it, just like Cam said they would.

'Those are the biggest fans, there in the front row,' she'd explained earlier, while they watched those girls in colorful miniskirts take their seats, 'so they're gonna be our best shot at getting results.' Clarice had nodded along. She recognized most of the girls there from the parking lot when they'd been drinking before the game, and almost all of them from the ticket line when they'd participated in the 'taste test', so she could easily picture just what was happening inside those girls' bodies.

Even as they all sat down, all ready to enjoy the game, their kidneys would be all ready to send all the excess hydration from all they had to drink right through their ureters and right into their bladders. Then the formula could do its work, and before long they would all have their samples all ready. That just left the question of how many of those girls would actually end up delivering those samples to the collection apparatus in the parking lot. Cam had laughed off that concern, however, saying, 'Don't worry. Like I just said, they're the biggest fans.'

Then she'd explained that too. 'See, the stadium has nowhere near enough bathrooms. I guess the designers decided to like almost double the seating capacity at the last minute or something, but they couldn't double everything else when they did, so now there's always a big line at almost every game.' Clarice had nodded again, starting to understand. Of course if the stadium had a little too much seating capacity and not quite enough bathroom capacity it would end up having a really big line at all the bathrooms, especially when it was filled almost to capacity like this one was right now.

'Anyway, the fans that are at all the games know all about the lines, so they know there's no way to go for a bathroom break without missing at least a few plays.' Of course having to wait in a line like that during the game would mean missing something, and of course a sports fan wouldn't want to have to miss anything, especially any of a game that was as exciting as this one seemed to be. So if those girls in the front row were the biggest sports fans, then of course every one of them wouldn't want to get up to take a bathroom break if she could possibly help it. 'The way this game is going, those girls definitely won't want to miss a single play,' Cam had concluded with a self-satisfied smirk, 'so they'll definitely want to keep holding it.'

That was the real purpose of Cam's experimental design, and the real reason they were here at the stadium. They could provide every volunteer with the formula along with plenty of juice to send it into her bladder where it could get to work, but it was the game itself that provided that volunteer with the motivation to keep it there in her uncomfortably full bladder and resist the resulting discomfort while it did its work. So now, just like Tara when she ended up stuck in the middle of her final with her bladder rapidly filling up and she just had to keep holding it and holding it, every one of those girls there in the front row was going to end up stuck in the middle of the very exciting game right when her bladder was filling right up, and she was just going to have to keep holding it and holding it and holding it. Clarice just had to sympathize with them after watching everything that Tara went through, and especially after going through the same thing herself.

After their breakthrough in the lab and once they'd analyzed Cam's 'verification' sample, the two of them had gone back to the lounge to discuss everything, and to wait until Clarice was ready to produce her own 'verification' sample. Mostly they were brainstorming the next experiment to test their theories, and for a while that was enough to keep her comfortably distracted. Except apparently brainstorming wasn't quite as distracting as lab work, and she already had to go pretty bad and it just kept getting worse and worse until before long she had to go really bad and she could hardly concentrate on brainstorming at all. 

Again and again she found herself picturing what was going on inside her, all the excess hydration from all those energy drinks she had earlier flowing right through her kidneys into her bladder, and her bladder stretching and swelling as it filled up, triggering the stretch receptors that were making her more and more uncomfortable. For a while Cam kept on brainstorming and coming up with her experimental design all by herself, well after Clarice was hardly even listening anymore, until at last she fell silent too and only watched as Clarice squirmed and struggled as hard as she could to just keep holding it.

The more she thought about it the more she found herself sympathizing with all the volunteers that were going through the same thing right now, more and more of them starting to squirm, rocking forward and back in their seats, their tightly crossed legs bouncing more and more restlessly even as she watched. When that girl at the far end of the front row leaned over again and said something to the girl next to her, this time Clarice could only imagine that she was saying 'I really gotta go'. 

She was starting to suspect that particular girl might not be quite motivated enough deliver her sample to the parking lot after all, no matter how big a sports fan she might be. It was only going to keep getting worse, after all, and there would be a convenient break pretty soon, halfway through the game. Clarice had to expect that girl and probably quite a few of the others in the front rows there might just decide to take their chances and hope they could get through the line and use the bathroom and get back without missing too much of the game.

She kept waiting and kept watching, and sure enough it just kept getting worse all over the stadium and especially there in the first few rows. By the time the teams started to leave the field it seemed like almost every girl there was squirming at least a little. Clarice fully expected to see quite a few of those girls get up and hurry to join the lines at the bathrooms, maybe even most of them. But to her surprise and confusion not a single one did. She was leaning over toward Cam to say something about it when she was interrupted by a fresh wave of cheering.

It was the cheerleaders, filing out of the locker room and lining up right near the middle of the field, along with some new music. "The squad always puts on a pretty good halftime show," Cam was saying. "And I think they might have something special planned for today." Of course. This was the halftime show that the cheerleaders were about to perform. Because the break was called halftime, now she remembered. "I hope so anyway. If it's good enough they could even help us out a little." Clarice nodded, starting to understand. It looked like most of the audience was willing to miss the halftime show in exchange for the chance to take a badly needed bathroom break, even those who'd been putting it off until now. But the 'biggest sports fans' there in the first few rows all seemed to be fans of the halftime show too. Only a few from the third and maybe the second rows were getting up, and none at all from the first.

They all just sat there and kept squirming and kept holding it, watching the cheerleaders and their show just as intently as they watched the game, even though Clarice could tell almost all of them had to be really uncomfortable by now. And when the cheerleaders' show got to its big finale the girls there scooted forward like they were about to jump up as soon as it was over, and Clarice had to imagine they were all getting ready to dash for the bathrooms in the hopes of getting there and back in time for the second half of the game. Sure enough, as soon as the cheerleaders were finished and the crowd started to cheer the entire front row leaped up all at once, except instead of hurrying away the girls all jumped on top of their seats and raised their pom-poms over their heads and gave a cheer of their own.

They were dancing, Clarice realized after a moment of confusion. Standing on their chairs like that they could only sort of hop in place and twist around and shake those pom-poms they'd pulled out from under their seats, but still they were putting on a show just like the cheerleaders just did. "Oh wow," Cam said with a laugh, "I guess this is what I heard about. It wasn't the cheerleaders, it was those fans that had something special planned." Clarice nodded, understanding right away. It explained why they were all wearing miniskirts, for one thing, and it explained why there were only girls there in the front row.

Those girls must have planned everything out in advance, especially to have brought those pom-poms in and stashed them under their seats, and even their outfits must have been selected specifically to resemble the cheerleaders' costumes, she could see now. Their tiny little colorful miniskirts looked just like the cheerleaders' except a little lighter and shorter, and their tight colorful tops looked like the cheerleaders' except a bit tighter and more low-cut. And when a few of the girls started doing high kicks she could see that even their very colorful underwear looked a little like the cheerleaders' costumes' underwear too, except a lot tinier and skimpier.

Apparently the audience noticed that too, and they seemed to really appreciate the sight because they were cheering even more than before. That encouraged the girls to keep kicking even more and even higher, until just about every one was flashing her skimpy little panties. "They sure don't mind giving the crowd what they want," Cam was still laughing as the cheers went up, and she grinned with satisfaction as the show wound down and the cheers faded.

"And I think they just gave us what we want, too." Clarice winced in sympathy as she looked again and understood. Those girls in the front row were sitting back down, and she noticed one petite girl with a cute but sort of mousy look sitting right near the end glance over her shoulder, only to turn back around with a very nervous expression when she saw what the lines looked like now. Those lines were longer than ever, and with the halftime break almost over there was simply no way that girl or anyone else could get in line now without missing most of the rest of the game.

"She missed her chance," Clarice muttered. That petite girl definitely had to go pretty bad, and the halftime break was the best chance she was going to get, but she just missed it. "They all missed their chance." Just about all the other girls in the front row there had to go just about that bad too, since they'd all been holding it the entire first half of the game. And now that they'd all just missed the chance to go at the halftime break, they were all going to have to just keep holding it.

"I know. It's even better than I expected," Cam looked up, still grinning. "I was just hoping we wouldn't lose them all at halftime, but thanks to that halftime show of theirs we didn't lose any." Clarice nodded along, with a slight grimace at how Cam had put it. "Since those are the biggest fans they're at every game so they know all about the stadium's bathroom situation," she went on. "So every one of them knows better than to try to wait in line, except maybe at halftime if she really has to go." She giggled again. "And I guess when they planned their little bonus halftime show for today, they just weren't planning that anyone would have to go that bad." With a fresh grin she concluded, "They all planned to just hold it until the end of the game, and now they have to go really bad but they just have to hold it anyway."

Watching it now, Clarice had to admit that it looked like Cam was right, and she had to shudder with sympathy too. None of the girls in the front row made any move to get up, and only a couple of them even glanced back at the lines, even as the evidence of their discomfort returned just like before and just kept getting worse. She looked down and focused on one and then another, and from every girl she saw some kind of sign. That girl there, bouncing in her seat with restless energy. That girl a few seats down, perched on it stiffly and keeping very still. Both of the girls beside her were rocking steadily back and forth, and all the way at the end one girl was outright squirming. After a second that girl turned to her friend, and Clarice could practically hear her saying 'I gotta go so bad.'

She couldn't help but sympathize with what they were all going through, and she couldn't help but think back and remember what it was like when she went through it herself. Sitting in the break room and squirming as she tried to listen to Cam going on about her experimental design. And then just sitting and squirming and squeezing as she struggled to keep holding it and holding it. Really she didn't even need to keep holding it anywhere near as long as she did just for verification, but every time she thought about just popping the cap off her sample cup and just letting go already she found herself thinking about Tara, and she just couldn't do it.

Because poor Tara never had that option, she never had a sample cup with her so she never even had a choice. She was stuck there taking her final and the whole time she just had to keep holding it, and then after that she had to keep holding it the whole way back to the health center. She ended up holding it just about as long as she possibly could, until her poor bladder was so incredibly full that it must have been almost unbearable, just to safely deliver her precious sample. And she never even knew anything about how precious that sample really was. They only discovered that afterward, and they owed the breakthrough to Tara and everything she went through. Thinking about it that way, it felt like Clarice owed it to Tara to go through the same thing herself and hold it as long as she could.

That was the motivation she needed the other day when she sat there in the break room squirming and squeezing, and it seemed like today the game itself was the motivation the sports fans needed while they sat there struggling and squirming in the front row. Almost all of the first three rows were clearly squirming now, or at least beginning to, and almost all the rest were clearly trying very hard not to, sitting very stiffly and keeping very still in contrast to the restlessness all around. "Wow, this is going so great. I can hardly believe it," Camille muttered without looking away. 

And the game is getting so exciting, nobody's gonna want to miss any of it." Clarice nodded agreement. She wasn't even watching the game or trying to make any sense out of it anymore, but watching the audience and especially the girls in the front rows told her all she could want to know about how exciting it was, just by seeing how very bad those girls had to go. Because every girl that was still sitting there and still holding even when she clearly had to go that bad was clearly determined to just keep holding it just as long as she had to.

At least that shouldn't be too much longer. By her estimation and what she remembered of the schedule Cam showed her earlier there had to be less than a quarter of the game left, as long as it didn't go over the time like she said it could. Clarice really hoped that it wouldn't, and the girls all over the stadium squirming and struggling had to be hoping the same thing. All but the most stubbornly determined girls were squirming openly now, and when Clarice noticed one of them starting to tremble she looked and suddenly found herself watching at the very moment that girl's determination faltered, her composure cracked, then crumbled, and all at once she was squirming just as badly as everyone all around her. She watched the same thing happen to more and more of them, one by one, until there was just a single girl left, right there in the middle of the front row stubbornly sitting very stiff and mostly still.

She was a particularly tall girl with particularly striking bright red hair, and she was already trembling and clenching her fists and crossing her legs as tightly as she could. Her lips were pressed together in a tight little line, her face scrunching up in intense concentration and turning almost the same color as her hair. She was doing just about everything she could without joining the squirming all around her. "It's just perfect," Cam murmured. "I was actually a little worried at first, mostly about the juice. But it looks like I got the blend just right after all. If anything it was maybe even a little extra." She chuckled gently, and Clarice nodded absently at that before she thought about it and frowned.

"Uh, the blend...?" she started, slightly confused. "I thought, um, isn't it just ordinary juice?"

"Oh yeah, it's just juice" Cam nodded. "I mixed it myself. Cherry and raspberry and apple, a little cranberry. And plenty of watermelon." Clarice nodded again, more slowly, but after a moment she remembered something. Watermelon. And apple too, and maybe cranberry although she wasn't so sure about that. Really she'd only glanced through a couple papers about it, but the exact research results weren't really the important part, and now she remembered just what it was about those fruits.

"Diuretics..." she breathed, the meaning of what she'd realized becoming clear to her even as she said it. "They're... diuretics." She couldn't quite remember the mechanism of action just now, except that it was maybe better classified at least to some extent as an aquaretic effect, but that wasn't the important part either. Apple juice and especially watermelon juice were both natural diuretics, and when those volunteers took their samples they all drank a nice big dose of that juice along with it, and some of them even got a double dose. Including, she suddenly remembered quite clearly, a certain redheaded girl.

She was still looking down at the front row, where that same redhead was now sitting stiffly and trembling and struggling. And between the memory of that girl drinking her juice before and the sight of that girl suffering the consequences now, Clarice's found her mind filling in the details of what happened since then. The redhead girl reaching her seat, the drinks she had with her friends in the parking lot just starting to flow through her kidneys just as she sat down with her friends to enjoy the game.

And then while she sat there, the juice she drank along with her sample adding to the flow, and at the same time the diuretic action of that juice gently coaxing her kidneys to increase the flow a little, and then a little more. With all the juice she had to drink, it wouldn't have taken long at all until her kidneys were flowing at full blast and sending all that excess hydration pumping through her ureters and pouring right into her bladder, all while she just sat there and tried to ignore the steadily worsening discomfort. But her kidneys just kept flowing, her bladder just kept filling up, until it was just too full to ignore and all the redhead girl could do was just sit there trembling and struggling and trying as hard as she could just to keep from squirming.

But she couldn't. Even as Clarice watched, the redhead girl's trembling turned into a sudden shudder and her expression seemed to shift from determination into dismay, and she shifted position just slightly and just like that she was squirming. The entire front row was squirming, every single girl there quite clearly suffering her own intense distress from her own incredibly full bladder. Their squirming and struggling was just impossible to suppress and totally impossible to hide, so completely obvious that the entire front row might as well have been squealing all together at the top of their lungs 'I gotta go!!!'

It was an unbelievable sight, and Clarice just stared, hardly blinking, until suddenly she was snapped out of it by a wave of noise from all around. She jerked in surprise and looked around as the stadium erupted with cheering. Just about everyone was cheering, from the front rows to all the way up here where she was, including Camille right next to her. "They won!" Cam turned to shout at her over the noise, although even Clarice had realized that much. The game was over and the home team had won, so all the fans were cheering for them. 

"That was so awesome!" She sat back down, still giddy with excitement, and raised her binoculars again. "The whole game was totally awesome. And it looks like they all thought so too." She was looking down at the front row, and Clarice looked down too at the girls there, some laughing and others jumping for joy while a few hugged each other. And all their excitement and victorious exultation was only adding a whole new level to their already urgent distress.

Those two girls there laughing were just about doubled over with their hands jammed between their legs, and when that girl there landed from her little jump the little jolt made her eyes go wide and she doubled over too. Another girl that was even more excited and imprudently tried to jump even higher let out a little squeal when she landed and suddenly dropped into a crouch, and those two girls hugging each other were doing so with one arm and had the other hand squeezed between their legs, just like at least half of the other girls around them had at least one hand between their legs too. The cheers were fading now and all over the audience people were getting up to leave, and after a few more moments of celebrating the girls in the front row started lining up and leaving, still squeezing and squirming and struggling as hard as ever.

"Come on. We should hurry," Cam took her hand, snapping her out of it as she led the way up the steps. "We can see a little better from up here." There was a sort of balcony area all the way at the top of the stadium, with nobody else there at all just now because it was too small for any seats. As they got up there and raised their binoculars together Clarice realized it really did have an even better view and they could see just about the entire stadium like this. "Good, they're on the way out," observed Cam. The line of girls from the front row was slowly pushing through the crowd and making their way around the curve of the stadium toward the main exit, hardly even glancing at the much longer line at the nearest bathroom as they passed it.

The girls themselves were drawing plenty of glances from all around, of course, as those in the crowd and especially in the line turned to look. Another big group of girls trotted up, also squirming and bouncing noticeably as they got into line, only to stop and stare wide-eyed and open-mouthed at the extraordinary sight passing by. Because right now that entire group of highly dedicated college sports fans in tiny colorful miniskirts was acting just like a group of little girls that were trying as hard as they could just to keep from totally wetting their little panties.

"Just another minute or two now," Cam was saying. "They just have to make it to the parking lot and we'll have all the samples we could want." Candice nodded anxiously, although she couldn't quite share Cam's show of confidence. She watched the girls approach the stadium's lobby area, with the main entrance that led right out to the parking lot. And she watched their faces, their expressions, all of them just like the expressions of little girls that were right on the brink of totally wetting their little panties. 

Just looking at their faces like that one by one she could practically hear them all squealing just like little girls, 'I gotta go!', and 'I really gotta go!!', or 'I gotta go so so sooo bad!!!', and then 'I can't believe how bad I gotta go!!!!', and even 'I gotta go *RIGHT NOW*!!!!!'. At last they came around the corner and hurried into the lobby and saw it, and suddenly came to a stop. One by one they stopped right in their tracks, their expressions suddenly shifting as the saw the lobby, with the main entrance and the main bathrooms, and the absolutely enormous line.

'Oh no...' she could see it written right there on all those faces, as all at once the agonized yet eloquent squealing there was replaced by that little whimper of horrified dread. The last of the group came around the corner and the last of the girls saw the huge line there in front of the girls' room, filled with girls squirming and squeezing and struggling to hold it. It snaked back and forth across the lobby and out the other side, disappearing out of sight around the curve of stadium so that it was impossible to even see the end. And for those girls standing there and looking at it, their dread and horror blossoming into despair, that line might as well have been endless. 'Oh no... I- I can't...' those expressions seemed to squeak.

A few of them were looking around frantically, hoping to somehow find something that might save them, anything that might give them a way out. But there was nothing to be found, even the boys' room had a line stretching out the door, and the main entrance out to the parking lot were so far away they might as well have been in another time zone. Clarice caught sight of the redhead girl from earlier, with a glint of panic in her eyes and that expression still on her face, the expression of someone perched right on the brink and tipping, sliding, starting to tumble helplessly into total despair. It looked just like the expression of a little girl at just the moment that she finally realized she just couldn't make it, she just didn't have a choice, she just couldn't help it, and she really was just about to totally wet her little panties, because she just couldn't hold it.

The despair seemed to sweep over them like a wave, and all those girls gave a little shudder as their expressions shifted entirely into sheer horrified despair that all squealed 'I can't...' But before they could finish that silent cry the redhead girl whipped her head around and cried out aloud, and instead of 'I can't hold it!' what she said was simply "There!", and she started to run for it.

The way she was running, on her tiptoes with her thighs still squeezed together and her hands still between them, she still looked very much like a little girl that was very much in danger of wetting her little panties at any moment and was running as fast as she could to make it to the bathroom before it was too late. Except now the redhead girl herself wasn't running for the bathroom at all. "Huh? Wait, what-" Cam had time to cry out in confusion and sudden alarm as she saw where the redhead was running, with a couple of the other girls already running close behind. The parking lot was right there outside the main entrance, where they'd set up all those portable toilets last night, and Cam had simply expected that the girls who had to go the worst would be hurrying there now, to those port-a-potties that were now their only hope of making it in time, as well as the one way for them to safely deliver their samples. But the redhead wasn't running there at all.

She never even looked at the entrance, had probably never even noticed the port-a-potties out there and never even realized there was anywhere left that she could go. When she cried out and started running, the 'there' that the redhead was looking at was just a sort of little alley in between the girls' bathroom and the boys' bathroom, just a little bit of space that was left over and didn't even have the concrete floor of the rest of the stadium, just bare dirt and a little gravel. But just now that was just what she needed, and as soon the redhead girl got there she reached under her tiny miniskirt and pulled down her tiny panties and dropped into position, and just like that she just let go.

"Aawww!" Cam shouted in frustration as soon as she saw it, and enough of the bystanders standing in line or just passing by made similar surprised exclamations that the two of them could even hear it from up here. With all that noise they definitely couldn't hear the redhead's long moaning sigh, or the softer noise that what she was doing there was making, but they could see what she was doing just fine. And after a moment when she tilted her head back and let her eyes flutter closed they could even see her face and the expression of sheer bliss that blossomed there as the wave of intense relief washed over her.

Clarice found herself thinking it was just like the expression that a little girl might make at the moment that she finally let go after she just barely made it, after she just barely managed to hold it just barely long enough to just barely keep from wetting her little panties. And at the same time, Clarice also couldn't help but think that what the redhead girl was doing just now looked nothing at all like any little girl, because there was nothing at all little about the mighty gusher pouring from under her miniskirt.

There was just no other word for it. The sheer power of that slender sparkling stream and the long graceful arc that it made as it shot out and passed between her legs and even the way it splashed onto the ground in front of her feet to form a little swirling puddle, it all reminded Clarice of nothing so much as a miniature geyser. And when she thought about it just a bit the analogy suddenly seemed particularly apt, that of a fluid-filled reservoir under internal pressure that grew and grew until it couldn't be contained any longer and at last erupted spectacularly.

Because that girl's 'personal reservoir' really was filled to the brim with her 'personal fluid' and it really was under pressure from her detrusor and held inside only by her 'personal squeezing'. And the pressure just grew and grew until it was just unbearable, and the girl decided she just couldn't stand to keep holding it any longer, and as soon as she found just a bit of privacy and got her clothes out of the way she just let go of all that pressure and it just burst out, in a tiny but still spectacular 'personal eruption'.

And watching that eruption from high above, Clarice was suddenly struck by what it really meant and her face fell to match Cam's and she whispered, "her sample..." More girls were running up beside the redhead now, joining her there in the alley and reaching under their tiny miniskirts for their tiny panties, pulling them down or just pulling them to the side, and just like that they were all letting go. "Their samples..." Clarice's face fell even more as she watched it, all the girls from the front row crowding in together, all their mighty gushing streams bursting out and flowing freely, all their precious samples spilling out all over the ground.

"No way!" Cam cried out in petulant disbelief, "All of them!? And they were so close, too." She pouted, and Clarice sighed. Down there by the bathrooms she watched a few girls from the line hurrying over to hold up a couple of their coats in front of the alley, apparently in the hopes of preserving whatever modesty all the girls squatting there might have left. Then a girl from the line suddenly got out of line and ran over into the alley too, apparently pushed over the edge by the hissing and splashing sounds all those streams were making and left with no other choice but to join them and add her own stream. Another girl did the same, and then another, and Clarice started to think it would maybe be polite to look away. "It was just a little bit farther. Just a little bit longer!" Cam was saying. "Why couldn't they just hold it a litt-"

"It's your own fault, you know," she looked away and lowered her binoculars to fix Cam with a skeptical glare, which Cam returned with indignation. Clarice went on, "You should've realized something like this might happen if you just bothered to think it all the way through." Once again, just like Clarice was afraid of, Cam once again hadn't quite thought through all the details of her experimental design. Clarice herself might not have seen it before either, but thinking about it now she could see exactly where everything went wrong.

The first part of the plan worked out just perfectly, of course. With all those girls waiting in line they had plenty of volunteers who took their formula and signed their forms, and they all walked into the stadium with the formula in their systems. So when those volunteers took their seats to watch the game the formula was already passing through their kidneys and trickling into their bladders, helped along by Cam's selection of mildly diuretic juices. Then the game itself helped keep it there, keeping the volunteers motivated to stay in their seats and keep watching even as their bladders started to become uncomfortably full. 

And even when the halftime break gave them all a chance to get up and most of the volunteers took the chance to visit the bathroom, the ones in the front row stayed for their 'unofficial halftime show' and ended up missing their chance and just had to keep holding it. And after that the game just kept getting more and more exciting, so all those sports fans couldn't bear to miss any of it and they had to just keep holding it and holding it, until by the end of the game their bladders were just incredibly full and they could hardly hold it at all. And that was when things started to go wrong.

They all had to go so very bad and their bladders all had to be so very very full that their samples were sure to be just extraordinary, just like Cam must have been hoping all along. And they got up and headed straight for the bathroom, just like Cam must have been planning for them to. But when they got to the bathroom and saw the enormous line there, far too long for any of them to ever hope to get through, they didn't keep going to the parking lot and the collection apparatus like Cam must have been expecting. If she just thought it through she might have realized that girls who had to go so very bad after holding it for so very very long weren't going to take the time to try to remember the port-a-potties they might vaguely recall seeing out there hours earlier, and they certainly weren't in any state to go searching for a bathroom either. 

In that state, as soon as those girls saw that line they must have felt their last flickering hopes of making it to the bathroom suddenly flicker out completely, leaving only undeniable and utterly merciless biological reality. Their poor bladders were just so unbearably full, and being so cruelly squeezed by their involuntary detrusors that they really were in immediate danger of involuntarily emptying themselves, and faced with that absolutely unthinkable possibility, those girls simply did the only thing that they could. They ran into the alley and they pulled down their panties and they all just let go, and just like that the extraordinary samples they had worked so hard to prepare came pouring out and spilled all over the ground. "Face it, Cam," she concluded after thinking it all through. "Your experiment was just poorly designed."

Cam glared back, her face growing flushed and her mouth tightening in an even bigger pout as she tried to come up with a response. "It's not over yet!" she managed eventually. "There's still some of them left. They could still make it!"

"Maybe so," Claire said with a shrug, raising her binoculars for another look. A sizable crowd was beginning to gather by the alley, some girls murmuring in sympathy while others snickered with derision and most of the guys were just trying to sneak a peek through the improvised curtain. Some other girls just pushed right past while pointedly ignoring both the alley and the crowd, and it looked like they were maybe headed to the parking lot where they would maybe find the apparatus set up there in time for it to maybe collect at least a few samples today.

Some of the girls even looked uncomfortable enough that their samples might provide useful results, although certainly nothing like the samples that were forming those swirling puddles and joining into one big puddle while they all soaked into the ground of that alley. "I hope some of the make it at least, but we can't count on them now." If they were going to get a sample that could support their hypothesis, they were going to have to start over. But maybe not quite all the way over.

"We'll pick up those samples later, like we planned. But in the meantime we should get another experiment ready." She put the binoculars away and started back down the steps, Cam following along sullenly. "Your general design should be usable with a little work. And I think I've already got some ideas of how to improve it."
