Dystopia - A True Gentleman - Page 2

Author: eucoloco

*000*2024-11-11 16:58

Hooolyyy sss....this got hotter and hotter with each chapter! truly one of the best male desperation i've ever read

*001*2024-11-11 17:08

{{8 minutes ago, daisyduke said:

Holy sss....this got hotter and hotter with each chapter! truly one of the best male desperation i've ever read

}}

Thanks. That's really good to hear. I think well written omo is so sexy and rare specially male, i'm not the best writers but Ive decided to give it a try.

I have lots of ideas and always open to suggestions for doing it, some small additions or for a next tale...

*003*2024-11-11 17:44

Chapter 9 - The Formula 1 Test

That morning, John was leaving the house with Linda. "Oh, as you have your things to do, is it ok if you drop me at Mrs. Wealty's, please?" Linda asked and that's how they were in the car, with some light music playing.

Linda started caressing John's - big - thighs, specially his right thigh with her left hand. John already had a 'semi' but didn't mention it as they were having small talk.

Then she started rubbing it and the tip of her fingers would brush the head of his... member or the side of his ... ballsac... He was a composed gentleman but he couldn't help get a hardon in off white pants.

"Hey, you're gonna make me have a precum spot." John warned her, with his deep voice.

"Oh, you're a big man, you can control yourself." she replied with a wink.

"It's not like... er... urine. Precum leaks out involuntarily, there's not much way of muscle stop it. Actually one doesn't even feel it making its way out, just feel it er... humid. Women also have this kind of thing, for more than one thing, I suppose..." he said and looked away to the window. He didn't want her to realize that he, as a big man, was getting warm on the face, why would he turn the subject to those woman... private things, geez, he mentally kicked himself.

"Ok, I'll stop it." Linda said and with that she put her hand on the opening of his polo t-shirt and started playing with the fur of his chest. Her fingers even reached his nipple. He took a deep breathe and shivered while holding the wheel. Well, soon after that he dropped her at Mr. and Mrs. Wealty place and drove towards the office.

John was at the office on a Sunday morning, but it was for two special reasons - one not so special, as he had extra work and wanted to get rid of a few e-mails replies and the main special reason is because Mr. Wealty invited him to watch the Grand Prix as it was the nearby circuit day. So, he scheduled with Mr. Wealty at the office and he arrived earlier.

"Oh, it's already 10:00 am, John, let's get going. The brunch is great there." Mr. Wealty was loud as he arrived at the office, in his impeccable casual sport looks, all black, even a black cap. John decided for polo t-shirt and cargo pants, all off white, as it was a morning event.

John realized Mr. Wealty was following him close as they arrived at the garage. "I'm going with you in your car, ok John?" Mr. Wealty said. Of course it was ok, Mr. Wealty gave him an ticket for the VIP cabin to watch the race, a ride would be nothing. By the way, it would be very good, to make, as usual, the best impression for his boss.

"John, did you organize the last load of boxes for Monday?" Mr. Wealty asked.

"Yes, Sir, it's all set." John replied.

"I told you, it's ok to call me only Walter." Mr. Wealty said with a light chuckle. But John preferred to leave it at that, at least for now, as they didn't have the same position and he didn't want to look like he was overestimating himself in front of the other members of the board.

"But enough of work, what about the wife and kids?" Mr. Wealty continued into small talk with John.

Talking about the other important people, Mr. Truss was there too to watch the Grand Prix. Mr. Becker was the owner of a big beer company a long way through the interestate and apparently was sponsoring the event in the beer departament as there was free beer and the waiters would be eager for everyone to get a small bottle. Mr. Skope wouldn't be very fond of knowing that Mr. Becker was trying to ad, and probably, expand to Brahe City's region, but he was not there and it was Mr. Wealty business moves, probably, nothing to do with John at the moment. Mr. Fairbanks, as a great banker would be there too. John were familiar with most faces, from work meeting, or even the Gentlemen's Club.

John was working so much that it was his fault not to be familiar with the local Grand Prix that year. And the brunch was really great. They also had champagne other than beer (and water, soda, etc., of course).

The race would start at 2:00 pm. After some small talking, very important to John, as those men were, to say the least, brilliant. One of the brilliant men to talk to would be Mr. Truss, the Legal Director of his own company and he was so animated chatting. He probably had downed some good four or five beer bottles and was red on the face and it was 1:45 pm yet. John was really aware to try to drink a little less than everybody, but also keep the pace not to look rude.

As the race started a little after 2:00pm, John found out it was going to be a 60 laps race. Mr. Truss lost his buzz and got all quiet. He didn't know he was so fan of Formula 1.

And that race seemed to be a tense one, because after three interruptions - two of them due to accidents - two hours in, they were still on lap 32, it seems. John was being careful, but drinking with the men, and he felt the 'first tingle'. Well, ok, he knew he had to piss for a while, but the 'first real thingle' he would consider. Let's say a man's bladder was 70% full, otherwise it would be no real sign to empty it.

John started taking quick accounting, with a glass of juice and half a glass of milk in the morning, one glass of water at the office, at the Grand Prix, a glass of champagne and two... oops three small bottles of beer... well it was approximately 600 ml non alcoholic and 1.2L alcoholic. Well maybe he wasn't so careful, but sure he wasn't overdoing it. And he also realized that Mr. Truss might be a Formula 1 fan, but was so quiet and tensed after lots of beers, with his hands between his thighs, rocking back and forward... well, John couldn't be sure, he concluded to himself.

"Oh, they're serving an extra snack." Mr. Wealty said and all contented went towards the spicy shrimp.

"Hey, man." Bill said, but not with a big hug and a big smile as usual. Shy and Bill weren't words to put in the same sentence, but maybe Bill was a bit shy because of all the important people...

John greeted Bill and Bill was sitting beside John on a couch, looking at the race. Bill was shaking his right leg a lot and was taking some of John's attention from watching the action in the circuit. Bill probably was a bit nervous, maybe this social interaction was more crucial for the marketing department, John shrugged the thought off.

John got up to grab some shrimp. It was spicy but delicious. It would require some water... but oh, water is so... plain with it... water won't take the spicy taste unless I drink a lot, John thought to himself... the other options, sparkling water, soda, champagne... well slowly sip a forth bottle of beer that was then.

As John was opening his bottle, Mr. Fairbanks approached. "Hey, it's the new Director." Mr. Fairbanks was very nice to start the chat. He was so polite that John automatically offered him the opened bottle and got a second bottle to himself. Mr. Fairbanks just couldn't decline.

"Oh, the seventh of the day... but who's counting, right?!" he said, shifting his weight on his feet while he made small chat to John.

Mr. Truss was sitting by a armchair more to the corner, and had his jacket over his lap. He was probably grabbing himself, but a man can have some joy and beers and the other gentlemen will be kind enough to overlook it. Mr. Wealty was tense too, sitting on the edge of the seat, shaking his left leg, hands on his thighs, but he probably was a huge fan. That got confirmed by John, as John was close to Mr. Truss and Mr. Wealty approached them both.

"Hey, Klaus and John." Mr. Wealty approached and stopped by them, perfectly still and with a small smile - prone to happen after beer and champagne. So, yeah, he was just tensed as a fan. "Did you prove the shrimp?" he asked.

"Oh, it's delicious, but the spicy part calls for another beer." John replied, raising a little his newly started bottle of beer.

"Oh, I suppose I had my fair share of eating and drinking... specially drinking... I guess I let myself get carried away with some good six bottles, a pack... now the buzz is gone... but I'm just really... full, so I'll skip for now, Walter." Mr. Truss replied never leaving his hands from the position shoved in between his legs.

"I guess the race is about to finish, and now our best pilot, my personal preferred to cheer, since race one from the season, will definitely get one more." Mr. Wealty finished his thought. "Dr. Goodfeel, so good to see you here." Mr. Wealty said.

"I'm mostly on water, but I just had to prove one beer, that's one of the good ones." Dr. Goodfeel replied.

"As you are here, as we discussed before, as we have quite a few fine gentleman from our regional factories association..." Mr. Wealty was saying.

"Oh, the test... I brought the bottles with caps..." Dr. Goodfeel said and in one moment he went to his bag and was back with three small white bottles.

"Gentlemen..." Mr. Wealty got the men's attention. "In behalf of the regional factories association..." he was interrupted by some quick claps. "... yeah, yeah, we should schedule the samples to be collected but as we are all here, I need three volunteers." He continued "Klaus?"

"Oh, I'm good today, Walt... thanks." Mr. Truss said with a small smile to disguise a pained face.

"Ok, so three people..." Mr. Wealty continued.

"Oh, I already have one..." Dr. Goodfeel said pointing to Mr. Becker, who nodded, raised his right hand, slightly and got up from his chair. John got really impressed when they first greeted because he seemed incredibly fit and slightly thin, like flat abs, for someone who 'owns tons of beer', but now he had a considerable belly... as he was drinking beer as if it was water... well, probably John didn't see it right at first. Besides, he was acting happy and normal... not boozed... not er... fidgety... really just like drinking water...

"Bill?" Mr. Wealty said. Bill had his legs crossed, sitting on the couch and nodded with a small smile. That was so unlike Bill. Bill was always happy, no matter what, when Mr. Wealty called him...but then, Bill was tense and speaking little for the last one or two hours, much like... Mr. Truss...

"Samples of what...?" John said. He wouldn't be so intrusive, but maybe his shoulders and mid were just a bit loose because of the fourth bottle of beer...

"And John, that is!" Mr. Wealty concluded. "Thanks, John." and got back to his sitting spot to check the last laps of the race, contented.

Doctor Goodfeel approached him, along with Mr. Becker and Bill. "As we are all gentlemen here, I guess there's no need to go to a clinic, much less any... dirty place here..." he said as he handed one small bottle to each one of them.

Bill had his left foot in front of his right foot and was fidgety as he was standing there.

Mr. Becker untugged his shirt, opened his belt. When John realized, most of the gentlemen were paying attention at them.

A gentleman never notices anything related to another man's modesty but, John couldn't help realizing Mr. Becker's navel was full. That was a man that knew how to enjoy himself on snacks... and beer, of course. He put his member out, as it was an 'all boys safe environment' and pissed for two seconds, let's say some 50 ml into the small bottle. "Is that enough?" he asked Dr. Goodfeel.

"Actually, if you don't mind..." Dr. Goodfeel started.

The doctor didn't even need to finish the sentence for Mr. Becker to fill the 200ml bottle and precisely stop it. No grunt, no nothing. Really steady, a so fine man. He didn't flinch, but John did of the mere sight, as he tugged his shirt back, buckled his belt and pushed it on his distended navel. And he went back to talk to Mr. Wealty as if nothing had happened.

Bill was next, but probably... like John... he wasn't so experienced. John could quickly notice that Mr. Wealty was watching the whole thing from the corner of his eye, as he is a master or doing so.

Bill had a polo t-shirt, like John, but blue instead of off white and some regular pants. He lifted his polo t-shirt, lowered the waistband of his pants, and put his member out. It was big for a limp mmm manhood, indeed, and that was a thick bush on the top of it... anyways... John was watching the whole thing, holding his own crotch, involuntarily - not as intently as Mr. Truss and Mr. Fairbanks.

That's when Bill left a big grunt, probably that he was trying to supress or make it lower, without success and a big hiss. The thing is that after mere 3 seconds you could notice practially 'steam' and joy coming out of Bill's expression, nostrils, eyes... and the liquid started pouring out of the small bottle. Bill thought about holding the tip of his member with his hand, but he didn't want it to splash on his pants.

Mr. Wealty grabbed a towel from the waiter's hand and handed it to Bill. Bill grabbed his member with the towel with a huge grip. John was amazed he didn't see pain on Bill's face, although he had white knuckles. And the waiter, politely got the towel back. One would expect it to be dripping, as a moment of failure by Bill, but no, his best friend didn't let him down.

Bill zipped up and said to Mr. Wealty "Oh, I'm so sorry, I think I'd be better going..."

Mr. Wealty ihterrupted him. "Hey son, you're doing great, you did great." And offered his hand for Bill to shake.

"It's just that I got my hand..." Bill trailed off, and got a bit red on the face.

"Hey, never mind." Mr. Wealty insisted and grabbed Bill's hand and pulled him into a hug, and patted on his back. "Well done, son." After that, although Bill was practically jumping from one foot to the other adjusting his... waistband... all the time... he was smiling.

John just realized he was watching Bill with a hand on his own crotch when Dr. Goodfeel approached him. He quickly removed his hand from his crotch. He had to gulp all the beer of the bottle in one gulp as the waiter got it from his hand.

John clenched his jaw as he opened the button of his pants, lifted his polo t-shirt a bit, got his member out and tensed his shoulders a lot. He started pissing a small stream into the bottle. It hurt so much he closed his eyes to avoid a tear for a moment, but he had to open them again to pay full attention and not repeat Bill's scene. When he thought he was feeling a lot of torturous pain with that small stream coming from the liquid of his distended navel, he felt even more pain as he lightly pressed his fingers around his member and the stream stopped. There was a leak running on his member, but the waiter quickly gave him a towel and it didn't stain his pants or briefs. The bottle was full to the brim. He just got it right. He knew he should have pissed a little less, but Dr. Goodfeel took it with precision from his hand to thread the cap.

After that, he was just sitting on a chair for a moment, rocking more than Mr. Truss and Bill, because he kind of broke the seal, under Mr. Wealty's order, different from Mr. Truss, and didn't get significant relief or pain diminshing like Bill just did.

A few more laps, after John - Mr. Truss, Bill, Mr. Fairbanks... and some of the other gentlemen were er... tense due to it - it was finished and, indeed, Sir. Howard won again.

Mr. Fairbanks was keen to say his goodbyes as soon as the results showed on the screens in the room, along with some other gentlemen.

John was ok under control again, but he would be lying if he said he didn't need the comfort of his house... But, as quite some gentlemen went towards him to greet him and he was close to Mr. Wealty, he couldn't move or just 'run away'... that was never the intent of a so good event and so nice invitation from Mr. Wealty's part. And as Mr. Wealty was going nowhere, he didn't move either. He just spotted Bill on an armchair shaking hands goodbyes in the same kind of spot as himself.

"Well, I must get g..." Bill got up towards Mr. Wealty.

"Oh, just a minute. Our hero, Sir. Howard is coming upstairs to greet us. Don't you want to meet the winner pilot?" Mr. Wealty pointed out.

"Oh, of course." Although John was uncomfortable, he got his control back, and he genuinely replied. It was all thrilling. That was Sir Howard-son, as his father was an Lord Howard.

After getting up on the podium to receive the celebrations and pictures, talk to one reporter, in some ten minutes, Sir Howard really was with them.

"John, Bill, I want to present you to Sir Howard." Mr. Wealty said. Bill was stiff to greet Sir Howard, John noticed. John also greeted him.

"How was it. Excited?" Mr. Wealty asked, excited himself.

Sir Howard was talking a bit about the race and was shifting and adjusting himself in his red uniform jumpsuit. John presumed it was the adrenaline after the long race. When Mr. Becker offered Sir Howard a beer, he was about to refuse, but then Mr. Wealty presented Mr. Becker to him, and he decided to accept it.

Well, after some five minutes chatting, that was the cue for John to leave.

After goodbyes, Bill was getting out with him.

"John, do you mind giving me a ride home, I'm not with my car today..." Bill said.

"Oh, okay, always my man... it's just that I have to wait for Mr. Wealty to say his goodbyes because I'll drop him in his place." John said. Bill simply nodded.

As Mr. Wealty was thanking each waiter and so on, that took some good ten minutes. Bill and John were shifting their weight from one foot to another, waiting by the door to leave. Twice a waiter passed by offering beverages and they politely refused.

They decided to make their way to the parking lot. As Bill was shifting so much while standing, John noticed - but failed to notice he wasn't doing much differently - while Bill was bending forward, towards the trees and the landscape, and closing his eyes, John saw from the corner of his eyes, from some distance... Mr. Truss, by the bleachers back wall facing the sky with his hands on his... member, gushing endlessly... well actually after seeing tear on Mr Truss cheek from far away, that John was considered enough to presume as a drop of sweat, that's all, only some thirty seconds enough for Mr. Truss to see him and John give a warm smile - at that moment he had one hundred percent of sympathy for the situation, and be nodded and quickly walked away with his hand on his own tired... crotch.

Actually, after a few more seconds he thought about joining but when his feet would start moving involuntarily towards that wall, Mr. Wealty just showed up outside, because John "Let's go!?"

John did the proper thing for the sake of Mr. Truss, positioned himself in front of Mr. Wealty to block the view, gestured towards the car and with his last reserves PF strength started walking fast and motioned for Bill to do the same as he started some small talk in ab all compliments mode about the VIP room of the event... he just avoided saying beer not to increase the flinching coming from his... navel.

As they got into the car, John on the wheel, Mr. Wealty on the passangers, and Bill on the backseat, they were making their way back to drop, Mr. Wealty, Bill and then John's place as his final destination towards 'comfort' as he was 'tired' of the aggitated day.

Bill chose to sit right behind the passengers seat. Mr. Wealty couldn't see him, but by the rear mirror, he could see Bill with both hands shoved in his crotch, sighing min reliefs with his face upwards and slightly rocking on the backseat.

John just had to extra clench his buttocks, scratch his thighs occasionally and keep driving and making small talk to Mr. Wealty. Good thing that soon they dropped Mr. Wealty at his place.

After greeting Mr. Wealty from the backseat, and he disappeared from view, Bill got out of the car, holding himself and got back in to the passengers seat.

John took the opportunity to massage his crotch vigorously. He sighed so good that he could swear there was steam getting out of his collar. He even bent his head to the sides and could feel his shoulders again.

"John, it's bad..." Bill said, clearly pinching his member though the fabric on his crotch. "Man, what a long race. I didn't know it would last that long."

"Well, at least you don't have to hide it from me. Let's hurry." John said, hitting the road again and taking the chance to pinch himself as well.

In a few minutes, they were at Bill's place. John considered entering... as Bill clearly knew of his need, he might offer John to use his very own private comfort room... but as Bill was in a hurry, he quickly said goodbye to John and hurried inside. But it was for the best John thought, what if Mrs. Ackerman was home, no he couldnt... Anyways, on that thought he sped up to his place, pinching and massaging his crotch. He had to stop pinching because his member was feeling er... sore under his clothes.

When he arrived home, he had one the best gushes of his life. It seems nobody was home, like every member of the family had their own schedule for that Sunday night. Well, as he had already eaten quite some during the afternoon and wasn't hungry, and was so relaxed after his huge beer piss, he decided to check his cellphone as he saw Bill's status update. John himself would post a happy picture, even more so with Sir Howard, but Bill posted just some sad phrase.

*006*2025-01-17 02:55

Chapter 10 - Don't be sad Bill

"As Mrs. Ackerman won't be there, you better go by yourself, k, hun?" Mrs. Vanderluss was saying to Mr. Vanderluss a.k.a. our 'bull strong like' John. "I'll spend the day at Mrs. Wealty's place, if you don't mind." she completed.

And with that, in such a sunny Sunday, John was making his mental check list, off white polo t-shirt, off white cargo bermuda, sneakers (killer smile, hair, chest, fur, all the package), he had a light breakfast, just showered and er... freshened up completely to the day at the comfort room, so light bladdered, light hearted, set to go to Bill's place.

In Brahe City, at least in John's social circle, one should never bring things to a party, like beer, food, as the host should be proud to offer all of it, and make sure the guests would eat and specially drink plenty. After a few minutes drive, John was at Bill's place. John always listened to the temple's sermons and wasn't jealous or greedy to compare, but he could positively say Bill's place was pretty much like his, house, garden and backyard. Well, it seems it was barbecue day. John got out of the car and towards the lawn.

"John, my man." Bill said as he approached John, shirtless, with a grill spaula in hand and got John in a tight hug with his free hand, tighter than usual.

He ushered John inside the house quickly to get out the back door. Bill already had the grill with the first steaks, it seems. Bill got a can of beer and offered one to John, who gladly accepted the cold beer in such a warm ending morning.

"11 in the morning and already drinking beer..." John said raising his own can. Bill replied with the same gestured, and both of them smiled.

"Yeah, but we work a lot, including tomorrow, so that justifies an early start..." Bill said and they gulped a can of beer, each, in one motion.

"This is very good." John said, cutting the first steaks in pieces and eating a piece.

"It seems there's a new promotion, upcoming." Bill was saying, as they were naturally chatting mostly about work.

After some good pieces of steak, chatting, even a few pieces of bread and appetizers, Bill had downed his third can of beer and John was already on his forth can.

Both of them got to the living room, where there was a large sofa and an even larger TV. The Jets would be on, starting at 3pm, as the football season progressed.

"May I?" John said as he closed the fridge's door with two cans of beer in hand. Bill only nodded and smiled. Partly, they were smiling because they were having fun, partly because of the beer buzz.

The TV sports broadcasters were still talking about the season and the match had just started, but Bill was already focused on TV, sitting on the sofa, beside John, with his body arched towards the TV, elbows resting on his knees, and a restless right leg.

According to Brahe City's Etiquette, one surely could use the toilet when at a friend's place, if that friend was a close enough friend. John didn't have a doubt Bill was a close friend, as Bill has also been to John's place before, and they saw each other every day of the week at work and had let's say half of the lunch times along, the separated ones were mostly because of business lunch only. But still, as much as one can open the fridge at a friend's house, they may ask first. For the comfort room issue, there was a similar pattern.

It's reckoned one used their own comfort room at their homes before going to a friend's place, so there will not be a problem if you use the toilet there just after the owner of the house uses it first - in other words, if the owner of the house needed to use the comfort room, it's fair the guest might need it, too. In practice, as no one should be entitled to talk openly about such subjects, when the owner of the house uses the comfort room, it implies an offer for the guests, that then are entitled to ask for it as much as to open the fridge and so on.

Normally, of course, Bill, nor John, nor any grown up man - at least not an Alpha like man - would be excusing themselves to the gents every thirty minutes, so it was normal that Bill still hadn't excused himself, even if they were drinking beer at Bill's place. But this was not the first time Bill put it off partially on purpouse, but never got 'nothing' from John, a flintch, a crossing of legs - like at work - nothing.

Bill was at these thoughts, on a pressing bladder, halfway through his forth can of beer, arched body towards the TV, sitting beside John, partially paying attention to the match that was being displayed on the TV screen.

John was sitting with open arms on the sofa back, wide apart legs, finishing his fifth can of beer and watching the football match. The match wasn't particularly thrilling this afternoon.

Bill adjusted himself again and let out a small grunt.

"Everything alright, Bill?" John asked with a partially knowingly smile.

"Oh, give me that empty can, I'll put those in the kitchen counter and get more beverage." Bill dismissed, got John's empty can along with his empty can.

John watched from the corner of his eyes as Bill went from the kitchen counter towards the comfort room. John himself just adjusted to a better sitting position, though the football match wasn't specially amusing this time. But he was contented, Bill was being the best host, though it seems it was only the two of them for barbecue and watching football, this time.

Bill got back to the sofa, sitting again beside John, much more relaxed, and kept looking at John every mmm 20 seconds as if waiting for John to do something, or better to say somehting (and excuse himself, too, as it was already past 4pm and a few beers).

Anyways, a little more small chatting between John and Bill, football match finished and the broadcasters were commenting on the match and the season in general, on the TV screen and Bill got up and got back with a bottle of wine and two glasses.

"Whoa, levelling up my mate." John said, more playful than usual due to the beer buzz.

"It's just for the best friends." Bill replied and opened the bottle.

John couldn't say he was totally comfortable, because it has been six hours, five cans of beer and now a glass of wine, but he didn't feel like he needed to use 'all of Bill's hospitaility just yet'.

John was just a bit stiff and they were chatting on the sofa, but Bill was a bit stiff, too. John presumed that Bill broke the seal and would get to the comfort room again. John really could use some of that comfort at that very put moment, but again, he still felt like feel like he was good to use 'all of Bill's hospitaility just yet'.

And when the chat is good, one forgets about bladder and stuff, though it gets more insistent with time. The clock was ticking 6pm, John just noticed as they were finishing the last glass of wine from the bottle, and talking about family in general.

Bill was getting stiffier and more quiet. Maybe he didn't want to excuse himself to the comfort room for the second time before John asking to use it too or something like that. John's noticed long ago that Bill can be a bit too proud with things.

Well with that thought, and his mild need of comfort - ok, John admitted to himself in a second thought that he felt mmm... like after an extra shift day that was urgent, but well, after five cans of beers, well hours ago, very well kidney processed by now and half a bottle of wine, that's... better not to think of it - John thought it was a good time to get going back home.

"Well..." both of them said at the same time.

"You were going to say something...?" John interjected Bill.

"No, it's nothing, please..." Bill politely replied.

"I'd better get going, because..." John said, putting his right foot in front of his left, and a hand in his pocket, but Bill didn't seem to notice it... maybe Bill was too buzzed already... even looking a bit sad...? Yeah, buzz, John mentally concluded, quickly, actually only half paying attention to Bill, and using half of his concentration to er... his own body... "... the wife might get worried, it's getting dark already..." John trailed off.

"Oh, right... ok." Bill said.

As John offered his hand Bill took him it in an awkward sideways hug.

"Ah..." Bill started.

"What?" John replied in a light tone, with a smile, though he was quite uncomfortable, not because of Bill but ... er because of a minor private matter.

"So, drinks during the week and we... retake the chat from where we stopped..." Bill, trailed off while holding John's hand. John looked at their hands, Bill realized it and quickly let go.

"Yeah, sure." John said. With that, John left to his place to settle things and get ready to start another work week.

**************

The week was going by and that was a busy Thursday. John even skipped his gym morning routine, though had a normal breakfast, with coffee, orange juice and the usual, to arrive extra early at the office, at 9pm sharp, which was early to John's normal schedule, just a quick lunch and even an energy drink after lunch to check the staff reports to migrate information to this new system the company was implementing.

Other than the orange juice in the morning, basically John had coffee, water and a can of energy drink, a big one. It was already 5pm as John stopped for a quick mental check about his hydration of the day, he had only two glasses of water, that was too little, though he could feel the exact 'same feeling' from his 'lower body'. Oh his body was 'betraying him', he barely had 1L of liquid in his system, that must be the energy drink...

"Hey, Mr. Vanderluss?" Bill said as he knocked at Bill's office door.

"Hey, Mr. Ackerman..." John automatically replied... "... I mean, Bill, you can call me John, please, at this rate of our friendship...".

"Kiddin..." Bill said and flashed his best white smile and got some of his cooper straight hair from the front of his eyes. "So, do you want some help to finish these reports deadline there, man?" Bill continued.

John wasn't one to accept help easily, especially when it was about his work stuff, but he really could use some help, he was growing tired of all day long with it, even feeling a little fidgety as he was just reflecting before Bill arrived... besides, it was Bill, his pal... so John decided to go for it.

"Hey, man, I really could use some help..." John started.

"We finish it fast and you owe me an after work drink, remember, we just said it on Sunday?" Bill said.

There was always something with Bill, that was Bill. But on quick time math, brilliant Bill helping finishing they would be at the pub in no time, so it was an easy yes.

So it was for the best for John to avoid that extra glass of water he was just going to grab and that would give room for exactly one drink with Bill after work. Usually John didn't go out for drinking having arrived on an early day, unplanned like that, but he was good.

True to John's estimates, 6:30 pm they were parking their cars in front of the pub. John thought it would be a late day at the office, but Bill is really good, he estimated all right. No wonder John was the Director of Logistics of the company.

As usual, they started chatting about work then about family in general. 7:15pm, two mugs of beer down and Bill was actually telling John that his wife, Mrs. Ackerman was planning to leave the house. First thing, Bill would not say those things less than 1L of beer down, like that was the case, second, now John got to understand why he sensed something off in his years along friend Bill, a hint of sadness and then that extra joy, extra smile, extra charm... well, that one that masks some serious sadness, you know?

John had a hand adjusting his... package all the time on his side of the table, and as they were getting the buzz, he could easily notice Bill was doing the same thing, not so shy. John had a buzz so he didn't notice he wasn't doing much better himself on not being 'modest and moderate'.

"I need something stronger." Bill said and before John could argue - or John was already a bit buzz slow - the waiter brought two glasses of whisky.

Bill crossed his legs, with his left hand shoved in between, closed his eyes, and gulped it at once. He pressed his hand tighter on his lap. It seems his expression and closed eyes were more due to his bladder than because of the whisky effect.

"Man, I don't know what to do..." Bill said, clearly drunk, his left hand grabbing his package more and more. "We do all we can..." he continued and trailed off, signaling for the waiter to bring another glass. John quickly gestured the waiter not to. The waiter understood it and nodded from afar.

John took a small sip to be polite and pressed his legs together, 'giving himself a quick tug'. Well, for a normal day, that's the sign that a gentleman must go home, except if they were in an environment like The Gentlemen's Club... John was thinking.

"... But, on the other hand, I don't even love her anymore I guess..." Bill said and covered his face with his hands, trying to avoid teary eyes.

John would put a hand on Bill's shoulder to comfort him, and take advantege of it, for them to make a motion to call it an evening.

As John touched BIll's shoulder Bill said almost shouting, almost all the way drunk "I'd better go..." and started going to the door.

John just looked up at the waiter, put some money on the table, probably much more than necessary and quickly went after Bill, Bill was about to trip.

As they were at the external corner of the bar, as Bill actually walking to the opposite side to which they parked their cars when they first arrived, John reached for Bill's arm.

"Man, get a hold of yourself..." John started to a reddish buzz faced Bill. "You're a strong intelligent manager, charming... and... and... an amazing friend..." John was saying.

With that Bill pulled John closer and kissed him right on the lips.

**************

Author's brief post note: I'll have to finish this chapter here, half of the reason because it was planned like that, half of the reason because just like John I'm holding since work hours 11hrs of piss in my bladder and I'm bursting to piss. With luck I'll be able to make it a bit longer, but done for writing tonight. Hopefully, tomorrow I'll get one more chapter in motion. I love your comments, thanks so far.

*008*2025-01-19 04:37

Chapter 11 - Joshua

Mr. Vanderluss was contented with all a Brahe's Gentleman, at least from his circle, that is, the upper circle, could wish for, a pretty wife and, so that, a beautiful family, ad dazzling actually, with his oldest son, his middle one, rebel daughter, that his wife would repeat over and over, 'going through a phase' and his youngest son, also already turning into a fine young gentleman finishing highschool all too soon.

Mr. Vanderluss - a.k.a. John so far, mostly - was especially proud of his oldest, Joshua, who got recently accepted at the University of Brahe City, where John himself graduated and in his opinion, the only place acceptable enough to form young fine... proper... gentlemen like himself. John kept himself in memories of his good ol'days, when he met Linda, at the University campus, he was the quarterback of the football team,,, just the other day, he was checking his old college notes, like he always did. It's been a while since John had a calm day at work, to call it a six o'clock on the dot day and that he er... 'didn't feel too tired' to get home and be able to just 'sit a bit at the living room with the family and catch up'.

Meanwhile, at home, Joshua was just parking his car and entering home in a hurry, stiff... college, football practice, school fraternity, he was tense, just stressed er... because all of it, he was reminding himself of his own self speech in his mind. He would just get to the comfort room, 'freshen up' and he would feel relaxed, all better again... and better interrupt these relaxing thoughts, he mentally corrected himself, tugging on his... front.

And click, the comfort room door was locked. "Mooom, where's Lauren?" he shouted. Mrs. Vanderluss was finishing settling some stuff in the kitchen.

"Hi, good evening for you too, young man." she replied, but confident with a warming smile. "She's upstairs, listening to that 'L.A. songs of her'..." Linda finished, lightly shaking her head negatively.

"Pee...ter!" Joshua shouted at the comfort room door with a 'much more than a light knock'. "Hurry up!"

"Josh! Stop that, we don't talk about... that subject like this at this house." Mrs. Vanderluss interjected.

"Peter, hurry, your brother's... just arrived home." she said a bit loud herself echoing from the kitchen, 'by the comfort door's room', in the living room. "...well, we try not to... talk about that subject so out lout at this house." she finished with a light shrug and another smile and got herself back to finish her food preparations.

After some five minutes, Josh got to 'freshen up'. That was one of the deep breathes day after 'making himself more comfortable'. He showered and was by the sink mirror, only a towel wrapped around his waist, even a little lower leaving his abs exposed. Dark hair that would turn into really golden again after quickly drying up in a few minutes, by dinner time, looking at the mirror with dark royal blue eyes, tall, but not as tall as his father, by one inch but still... but when not side by side, as he was slimmer than the old man, they would look the same height... strong, big arms, haired chest, again, not like his old man, but defined, fair enough the football practice paying off. He smiled to his reflexion in the mirror, and quickly got upstairs to his room to get changed for dinner and because his father would arrive home at any minute and better the toilet to be free

He got downstairs to the living room again, Peter was sitting on the couch watching some weird show about. Josh was sitting down but wasn't understanding what the show host was even talking about after one or two minutes, so he changed the channel to the sports update of the evening that was going on just before the evening news. Peter didn't interject - actually different from the usual he heard at college, he and Peter didn't have a picking up on each other brothers relationship, since they weren't kids anymore, that stopped for years. Actually, Peter was extra nice to Josh, like he almost never complained when Josh changed the channel... yelled arriving home and those small things, only on rare occasions. In general, Josh knew he was fortunate to have a 'plastic beautiful' family.

He was zoning out on this thought, looking at the TV screen, when he got back to reality with a deep voice "Good evening, champ." and a light pat on the shoulder, followed by a 'not light'... strong grip on the shoulder. That unmistakably was his father.

"Dad." Josh got up and as John left his case on the center table, they ended up in a awkward sideways hug.

John went towards Peter, who got up from the couch and instead of a hug and a pat, it ended up looking more like Peter was squeezed with his arms to his sides, and then resumed back to his sitting down spot.

"So, Josh, how are classes, all good?" John started.

"Yeah, pretty good." Josh replied.

"Any clues for major choices so far..." John inquired.

"No, not yet I guess." Josh continued. John got to a sitting position in an armchair across from Josh and crossed his right leg on the top of his left one.

"What about the fraternity, any meetings... party organization..." John continued as he opened two buttons of his t-shirt.

"Oh, there's a meeting tomorrow." Josh replied.

"What about you, Peter, school...?" John asked, as he arched his body and pushed his right knee a bit towards himself... to look closely at Peter from across the center table.

"Cool..." Peter trailed off, looking down and then again at the TV screen.

"And what about the girls?..." John asked with a smile looking at Josh.

"Oh... no girls." Josh asked with a small chuckle, a little less confident than that sounded in his mind before replying.

John uncrossed his legs and pressed his knees together, sitting, not losing eye contact with Josh. "And that quarterback position at the football team, is still open?"

"Yeah, I guess so. I'm waiting for coach to announce the new quarterback... or make new tests... tryouts..." Josh said, still with a smile, a bit more relaxed.

"Oh, that's the Jets!" John said, and reached for the remote control on the center table, to turn up the TV volume, with the smallest of a grunt. He turned up the volume and with another grunt he grabbed a pillow to put on his lap.

And that was Peter's cue to leave upstairs, to keep watching Discovery Channel.

John, with another grunt, pressed the pillow with both hands, downwards. "Five minutes for the sports briefing to finish and the news start and then I'll... freshen up." John finished pressing again with his left hand on the pillow putting his right hand... under the pillow on his lap.

**************

On the next day, Josh had his usual breakfast (coffee, juice), morning classes, lunch with a can of soda, a lecture in the afternoon, quick passing by the library and he had a fraternity meeting.

Apparently only the best were invited to be part of the Uni Fraternity. Apparently he was invited because his father used to be part of it when he was a college student there. That was only the third meeting he was participating. Weirdly the other guy, who controls the meetings agenda, especifically asked him all his activities of the week to schedule this meeting. Wow, he thought to himself, his father must've been the big deal there, or something, they were extra considerate, although it has been scheduled tonight, when he had lectures since morning... but, well, no problem, he thought to himself and gave himself a quick tug on his way to 'minus one floor' where the meeting room was located.

As the meeting started, they were talking about organizing the an event for funds for some reformations at the campus. Actually Josh was tired from the classes from the day and mmm... with a tired b...ody, so he was paying attention halfway, though as he was new there he thought it would be a good idea to take notes. So, he crossed his legs and rested a small notebook on the top of his knee as he was taking some notes.

That was proving to be a long meeting, I mean, 9pm and they were still deciding things... and they were asking his opinion, very considerate again. "Vanderluss, what do you think is the best option for the canopy tent?". Actually, the longer it got going, the more frequent the questions directed to him turned.

After they were gethering their things in their bags to leave and close the room, Josh managed to discreetly loosen one notch of his belt, to which his navel quickly expanded and proved good for nothing, so he quickly adjusted... the band of his briefs close to his thigh. As he was going to loosen a second notch, another guy started talking to him and he missed the chance.

They were chit chatting in general and as they closed the door and were leaving, walking down the hall as a group, Josh just couldn't get behind to adjust himself better, so he was walking stiff.

When they parted their ways on the parking lot, he turned towards the car's door and took an extra time to grab himself and then the keys. Finally when he closed the car door, he gave himself a well deserved big grab. When he looked to his side, to the window, he gave a small jolt. That made him tighten his grip around his crotch.

"Hey, Vanderluss..." that was one of the guys to ask him about when he was available to their next meeting. He quickly put his hand to his side, although in a stiff maneer, he managed to reply.

Finally, on the privacy of his car, he grabbed his crotch again, gave an extra look to the sides and there was no one approaching the car this time. He managed to loosen a second notch and exhale a breathe. Driving on the way home, his belt proved to get tight again, his navel extended a bit more for obvious reasons.

After parking the car in front of the entrance door, he gave himself a quick tug, not so quick... got his bag in front of himself and got out of the car with a hand on his manhood through the fabric of his pants. He entered home and gladly the lights seemed to be off, only a dim light.

"Sup, big man?" that was John's big voice. He didn't say it out loud as all the lights were off, except for the TV screen dim light, but that caused Josh to jolt a bit as he just clicked the front door closed.

Josh automatically grabbed his crotch and glued his knees together, standing in place. "H-hi, dad." Josh replied. John had a can of beer on the center table, in front of him, he was already finishing it as it was getting late, past 10pm on a week day, and only chilling in the living room, on the couch, with open arms on the sofa back, shirtless and sitting with open legs, in white shorts, barefoot.

"So, how was your day?" John asked.

"G-good." Josh replied as he slowly and awkwardly sat on the armchair across from the center table. John was looking at him, not at the TV screen that was just a bit louder than mute on some late night news program.

Josh put his bag on his lap, held his bag with his left hand and had his right hand pinching on his crotch. He tried not to close his eyes and open his mouth the slightest bit for a second, bit didn't succeed.

"Ok, son, I'll call it a day." John said as he got up from the couch with the remote control in hand and gestured it for Josh to grab it. Josh might have not reacted for more than a second, so John continued. "Do you want to watch something, can I turn it off?" Josh only nodded his head from the last question, hands never leaving his lap.

John put the remote control on the center table. "Good night, champ." John said as he passed by Josh, who was sitting on the armchair, and as usual gave a pat on his shoulder. Josh only flintched.

Josh looked to the side to check if John was reaching the top of the stairs. So, he dropped the bag, got up, slowly, with a grunt that he tried to suppress. He wanted to put a hand on the inside of his briefs waistband but he would have to undo the belt. He just breathed in small gasps, was pinching vigorously his manhood through his pants. He felt the tip os his member getting sore, a little painful and numb.

He got to the toilet door in small steps, a little bent, knees a little bent and he took his right hand from his crotch, left hand never leaving it, to get the door knob. He felt a small jet so he flinched, grabbed tighter with his left hand. It hurt from the strength he applied against his crotch, and he grunted.

He opened the door, entered the toilet, closed the door behind his back, with another deep breathe and he knew he didn't have the time to undo his belt as piss started flowing through the fabric of his pants, the forceful was the jet. He trembled and shivered standing in place, but that was the end of a successful day of our jock, that was doing good under the pressure of college, his father, his very father figure and role model to look up and compare all the time all day long, but, although he didn't, his body gave itself the luxury to succumb to a last pressure of the day, as he closed his eyes and slowly let a breathe exhale through his barely parted lips of his mouth.

*009*2025-01-20 01:48

Chapter 12 - Etiquette Class and Night Out

Joshua got his juice and coffee as usual for breakfast and left for college as at 10am they would have Etiquette Class, the main class at Brahe Uni, as the old man would put it. So that, although he hasn't started working, he was formally dressed, with a white shirt, black suit and a black thing long tie along with black socks shoes... and white boxers, not that it mattered but... First of all he would not dream of arriving late because the Professor for that class was the College Dean himself.

That was a class that, different from the lectures in the auditorium, counted with a small group of students, 20 at most. That was a class that involved the good food and appetizers, even alcoholic drinks, an exception inside campus, because it was part of the class routine - formally, at least, there was allowed no alcohol in campus much less during classes. The Professor was the College Dean himself. That all led to the fact that, once enrolled and participating in those classes, even if you had to attend to other classes or send other papers to other Professors, all the grades and absences would be automatically justified.

And one would still wonder why most of the students weren't keen to enroll for that. Well, that is because passing that class was the most difficult of all, and the College Dean wasn't famous for distributing good grades, on the contrary, he was famous for failing students, the class and the Dean were strict. Anyways, as the oldest Vanderluss son, Josh already kind of understood what his father meant about that class 'being a must' as that was the kind of challenge he just needed.

At first sight, the subject and practices were frivolous, but the Dean said they absolutely must take notes of every single detail, because each detail should be the difference during their future careers between promotion and failure - Josh himself had seen his father in some early mornings doing this exact rewriting notes exercise to this day, so it must be really important. All in that class had that air of importance and kind of tension. For that day, the topic was 'how to elevate a normal day at the comporative ambience'.

Everyone was in suit and tie in between dark blue, dark gray but mostly black, just like Josh. They were at their desks and the Dean would distribuite lots of papers, documents, forms and reports to be done. Gee, last class Josh got a report from his father's company to make. Either it was as real as it gets or the Professors sometimes used the college students as free work force, probably both on this case.

The Dean's secretary, she was extra pretty and extra polite in that specific morning. Josh couldn't say if that, her perfume and her extra red and extra tight tauiller were to distract them on purpouse, but all the details were purposedly thought over in that class. Coffee was optional and water was mandatory, although they learned that not taking at least one cup of coffee would be mildly rude. That gave an image of young adults, model like, all in black suits, on the desks all lined up and side by side, in a big room, with a clock on the wall and a big blackboard, under the hawk gaze of the Dean. That would look like an weird either a pop music video clip set or some dictatorship lecture.

The Dean himself looked extremely wealthy, stern and kind of a dark figure. Josh had the chance to see his father and mostly his father bosses meeting with the Dean at the temple a couple of time, and he had that dark gaze and dark aura even outside class, so that was more than a exaggerated simulation, it was 'more real than the real thing' Josh got confused on his own thoughts, biting a pencil, thinking in the middle of piles of paper at his college desk, while the secretary refilled his glass with water.

"One more cup of coffee, Mr. Vanderluss?" she asked with a smile.

"Oh, yes, please." he replied and gulped. The Dean was staring directly at his desk.

The class was planned to be from 10am to 3pm, and they would do most of what they could. They would usually simulate a meeting with a brunch or a business lunch, so the Dean made sure that class would be an exception for the lunch break normal schedule of classes. And the schedule and duration usually would not be followed, as the Dean said that in real life that's how things work.

On the last two classes, they would deliver the reports completed to the part they could make by midday but today the clock was already ticking 1pm, and Josh was kind of glad, because he didn't even have half of his forms filled by then. Well, some five minutes later, the Dean told everybody to stop, drop their pens and pencils and leave to the other secretaries to collect the papers as they would move to conference room for business lunch.

During that class, Josh didn't have the time to get up from his desk and not even to chat with his new college mates.

"Man, these classes always have the best food, this steak is the best." Finn was saying, sitting by Josh's left at the big conference table, as they had lunch.

"And the wine man, the wine!" Petrov replied, sitting across from Josh, at the table, as he held his glass for the Dean's helper for a refill.

"Oh, me too." Finn said, and Joshua followed the same pattern.

In this meanwhile, the secretary was refilling the glasses of water on the table.

It seems the Dean was resolving some emergency stuff at his office and was delayed for the next part of the class, as he left them chatting. When the Dean returned it was alraedy 2:30pm. There were no more dishes on the table nor wine. The glasses of water and cups of coffee were replaced for fresh ones. The Dean entered the room and everybody got up from their chairs. The Dean nodded for everyone to sit again.

"Well, I'll pick a few of you..." he said and made a pause, watching intentely to all, and continued... "to present a report of your morning work to the group. Petrov." he concluded and gestured with his arm to the front of the conference room, where there was a whiteboard and another table.

Petrov was stiff as he started. "Well, my papers are about the project of a dam, from a nearby city." the Dean nodded, watching it, and everybody was watching too. "First of all, I suppose I should give you an overview, followed by a summary of the main numbers concerning to investment and costs..." and that went on followed by two other guys.

"Well..." the Dean said, getting up. As everybody was raising again, he gestured with his hand for them to remain in sitting in place. "The next activity would be an emergency showing up for the company for you to resolve in groups..." he made a pause and looked intentely. No one dared to flinch or make faces, all looking smart in business clothes, though growing tired from the day.

The Dean continued. "But as my lunch schedule and your presentations proved to be enough to make this class go well over the original planned time..." he quickly looked at the clock on the wall. "... it's already past 5pm, so, I see you next class. Class dismissed."

Josh's original plan was to finish this class at 3pm, drive home, change to more comfortable clothes, that would surely involve freshing up and get back to the 5:30pm Fraternity meeting to finish the details to the college raising fund event. Finn and Petrov also were part of the Fraternity.

"Let's hurry, or if we take long to cross the campus, we will be late for the meeting." Petrov said, as the three of them headed towards the Fraternity room.

"This belt is killing me. I was planned to put some normal clothes at home before Fraternity meeting..." Finn was saying. "Yeah, me too." Petrov and Josh agreed.

As they arrived at the Fraternity room there were only two of the guys, playing cards. Instead of sitting on the couches or chairs, they were sitting on the floor, across from each other, by the center table.

"What?" Wojcik asked. As Josh looked at two white shirts tossed on the couch.

"The boss told us to wait because he's running late from some Senior's thing..." Munchausen completed. "So... the task is playing cards till they arrive."

"Oh, on third year we have business practice, you know..." Munchausen continued. "At this time of the evening, tired of the collar..." he explained why both of them had shirts tossed on the sofa, were with a bare torso, and were with the formal lower half, black belt, pants, socks and shoes, sitting on the floor, playing cards.

"Besides, it's strip poker... and I win." Wojcik put his cards on the table.

Munchausen got up, tossed his cards on the center table, and opened his belt. "Oh, man, that was good to lose." he said referring to the round and removed his belt.

"I hope they don't take long." Petrov said as he and Finn were kneeling on the floor, close to the center table too, as Petrov had his thighs pressed together and pressed his hands on each side of him and a light grunt. Josh also grunted and was sitting on the floor, by the center table, across from Petrov and Finn.

Petrov won two rounds and Josh the next one. Munchausen and Wojcik were the best but it seems they deliberated lost as they removed their pants and socks. With that Petrov removed his shirt, Finn removed shirt, belt and pants. Josh removed his shirt and belt.

As it was, Munchausen and Wojcik were only in boxers, Finn was in briefs and socks, Josh still had his pants on, pressing against his midsection and Petrov was only shirtless.

Josh noticed as Petrov's belt was almost cutting in his midsection. He would even win the next round just... well, you know... everybody would notice each other but have that 'I'm mortified if someones's knows I'm noticing...'. Besides, Munchausen would not lose again, and Wojcik said he would just watch the next one (to avoid getting naked). As Petrov removed his belt, he grunted and exhaled.

Of course, Josh could notice that although they were some of the 'finest jocks' of the Uni, no one had a flat navel as he also noticed the clock was ticking 8pm on the wall. Munchausen, Wojcik and Josh himself were only in boxers. Petrov and Finn were only in briefs. Petrov was rocking back and forth on the floor. Wojcik was rocking even more on the couch, watching them, only in boxers. Munchausen looked more composed, but would adjust himself often. Finn was casually warming his left hand in between his thighs. As Josh was quickly glancing the clock and watching the room, he was absentmindedly massaging the front of his boxers.

"Well, the boss messaged a few minutes ago that he isn't coming tonight." Munchausen said, and as I'm the second in charge, I say it's drinking night. Wojcik smiled, winked, raised his hand, showed zero suprise - as if they were already set for that all the time, Josh thought to himself. Petrov and Finn, who were second year's, agreed - half-heardtedly, Josh would say, as much as he did, although he tried no show, and didn't notice to fail as well.

"Five, bingo!" Munchausen continued. "The freshman drives! All in Josh's car."

Although Munchausen and Wojcik were more discreet all the five of then grunted as they had to put their clothes back, pants, belt, tug the shirt, buckle and tighten the belt. Then sit and bend to wear socks and shoes back on. They were the fine young gentlemen of Brahe, no one would go as little as untucked in formal clothes.

Josh was driving with Munchausen right beside him, on the passanger's seat, so he could only occasionally adjust himself as Munchausen and Wojcik would talk a lot, and be all cheerful about the upcoming event. Other than adjusting themselves you couldn't tell any predictment - as it should be, Josh made a quick mental note. In another note Josh saw 8pm at the car panel, as he was driving, 12hrs since he freshened up in the morning to go to college, but quickly dismissed such thought.

They arrived and they picked a table, with a big round sofa. Munchausen asked for a mug of beer for each one of them as he opened two buttons of his shirt, followed by the others. He sat with spread legs and arms on the sofa back and loosened two notches of his belt, also followed by the others. Now they were smiling and talking a bit more. They were excited about the event they were organizing, and in one or two minutes the subject turned to girls and the dirtiest of stuff, encouraged by the beer buzz.

Josh was feeling pain in his midsection already and grew quiet, although he kept sipping from the mug, the second one from the second round Munchausen asked. Munchausen was talking animatedly although he was restless and adjusting himself all the time. Josh could see that his belt was super tight again, tighter than before. Wojcik was even worse, he even opened a third button on his shirt for no use. Finn had his hand buried in his crotch, while he was talking and Petrov was moving his legs non stop - he was across from Josh but he was even trembling so much that Josh could notice it.

The waiter finally arrived. Josh had asked for a bottle of champagne, the big 'formula one' size podium' bottle - he thought his old man would kill him with such a bill, but later he would tell him and find out that John would just be proud and give him a knowing look that meant 'I know all the picture, no need to explain'.

As Munchausen and Wojcik were laughing out loud and Fina and Petrov were very buzzed, that was time to Josh to open the champagne. He partially from the buzz, partially intentionally started let the champagne spray on his lap and, as meticulously as he could, he spread a bit of champagne on his four friends while he let a good and big, satisfying spurt on his pants.

The big bottle resulted only in two glasses, basically a sip for each, but you could sense everybody could breathe again - everybody must've followed Josh's smart move, but unsaid.

"Time to go home, big day tomorrow, right?" Wojcik ushered Munchausen, who raised his hand and signaled for the waiter for their bills.

Josh would drive back to the college parking lot, for each one to grab their respective cars. It's important to notice that nor Josh nor any of them could lose all their liquids... er modesty, not to be stinky, it was just enough to buy time to arrive home, so the momentarily relief once passed, and most of the buzz, everyone was quiet on the trip back to the college parking lot.

As everyone grunted getting out of the car, adjusting themselves, Josh could see from the car windows that they were walking stiff and actually holding themselves in the partially dark parking lot. Josh was able to massage vigorously his tired crotch and didn't keep looking much as he pressed on the speed pedal and headed home. Tomorrow was really a big day for himself indeed, he had football practice with tryouts and with that quarterback position vacant, he had to be the best and first place on every tryout possible, and sure thing the coach was probably as mean as the Dean. Well, he couldn't quite say which one of them was more... strict, but coach was much more bold, direct and mmm directly demanding, let's put it that way.

*010*2025-02-11 05:15

Chapter 13 - Tryouts

So, the oldest of the Vanderluss sons, Joshua, our Josh, had quite a bit of alcohol to drink last night with his buds and did well. One would say he broke the seal, but that was special, exception tactics, he took one for the team, as they were sprayed in champagne just to take the edge off in a few spurts mixed with champagne, if anything, that made him arrive home in pain last night. He did most of what dignity let him. That painful navel was good tactic to sober up kind of fast or not be totally drunk. He did good. He was becoming strong as a bull, just like Mr. Vanderluss.

The thing is, after a not quick voiding, and a quick shower, he drifted off, or better saying, he passed away for a while. Not too much, because the alarm would ring... He woke up and in the jolt he took the alarm off, he landed both of his hands to his crotch. Damn, even his waistband were hurting him. He drifted off, as a healthy lad, his overly healthy kidneys processed all the liquid, with alcohol extra push, and he woke up with his perfect sphincter as hard as his bladder.

He tip toed from upstairs, light fabric, white long sleeved t-shirt, light fabric white pants, both hands on his crotch. Yes, he reminded of just touching the knob of the 'comfort room' - mostly because he didn't want anybody to see him holding his crotch, but he didn't have any other option at the moment... literally, as the door he approached was locked, he noticed so discreetly. He just couldn't be dancing there, on the spot, like a toddler. His father probably was finishing up to freshen up and leave for work a little earlier. So that, he went upstairs, each step on the floor, being felt in his pelvic floor.

He was in pain, but the trembling on his pelvic floor with each step plus a hand on the head of his manhood him shivers and made him spot a semi under light fabric white pajamas pants. Josh tried to brush off these sinful, non gentlemen like, thoughts. He thought of going to his room, close the door, and rock back and forth on his bed and check the phone for a few minutes. The thing is, when he was sitting on his bed, rocking back and forth it felt so good, he allowed himself to breath hard, to slightly close his eyes and open his mouth. When he got back to his senses, damn, that must've been some five minutes, he was getting late to er... freshen up to go to college.

Actually it's been only two minutes, no cell phone checked. He walked downstairs, a little trembling on the base of his bladder, reverberating the liquid inside of his rock hard navel. His brother was freshing up to leave to school. He had to be close to the door by the time the comfort room got free. He went sitting on the couch with a pillow on his lap, one hand pressing the pillow, the other below the pillow on a high quality, high intensity massage to his manhood. He would turn the tv on, but he was oblivious to all: He didn't know if it felt too painful or too good. Apparently in his trance, he was with eyes closed and didn't notice the comfort room to get free. When he opened his eyes it was free for another massive gush and freshen up.

He thought of it as a luck sign for his day. Yesterday was a fraternity minor test. That morning, that was the start of the test for the big day, the tryouts. The eldest Vanderluss son was good on studies, in general, but he wasn't gonna lie, he was his prime with sports, specially football... the jacket, the girls... well and a big image, on his mind, of the big demanding - like to be orbited around - figure of his father counting on him to be the new quarterback or at least... no no, the quarterback... he was focusing, while finishing to wash his body under the spray. Coffee for focus, juice for health, water for hydration, extra glass of juice for extra health, good clothes, neat bag with extra items for the gym locker at college, for the tryouts day, car keys and out to college.

He arrived to make it for the 10 o'clock class. Sure thing the extra drinks from last night made him fill his water bottle twice before lunch time - but then again, he thought of it as sheer luck. Well... the tryouts were scheduled for this afternoon, at practice class, at 3pm. So, that, light lunch with some salad and mmm.. now a small glass of juice. He took some time to reply the stuff on his phone, sit a bit on a bench by the college lawn, greetings here and there as he was passed by, and all to soon it was 2pm, great time to change in the lockers and go to the class. Those football practice pants - white pants and red t-shirt - were so comfy. The waistband would do almost nothing to the bl...er lower navel. He couldn't say he was 'comfy as ever', but slightly better and focused, man.

He refilled his bottle for the third time since he arrived at college, and made his way to the classroom. Mr. Raichman told them to gather in the theoretical class room, by 3pm (that meant, a little before 3pm), that afternoon.

Well, if the Dean was rigid as a professor, one could say in most senses Mr. Raichman was even more strict than him. But Josh couldn't be sure about that. Actually he couldn't zone out during game tactics explanations, full of arrows, drawn with choke on the blackboard, because if Mr. Raichman made a question a caught anyone by surprise, that would be certain humiliation and scolf, period.

It was only 3:10pm - only a bit over 6 hours since when he freshed up - but that was a special day for the tryouts.

Actually, the formal schedule for the tryouts was a sample - urine sample - that afternoon, and the match and skills tests in a few days. One would think Josh shouldn't be so tense for the 'urine sample test' as it was not the real test. But his old man told him that 'volume counts'. I mean, it wasn't a sample in a small cup. Those were taken in 2 pints cups bigger than a gym's shaker, for a kind of obvious reasons. The older guys were commenting the same thing. The fraternity guys were part of the practice too, so Munchausen, Wojcik, Petrov, Finn, JJ Wealthy, Scop and others were there. From the er... tension in the classroom, it seems not all the guys, obviously, but 'the inner circle' was aware of the kind of test/sample to be taken.

Josh was tensed, but taking a few notes and still with both feet on the floor, while sitting on his desk. Petrov had his hands crossed and some sweat on his forehead. Finn was spotting the same pattern. Munchausen and Wojcik had their legs apart while sitting, but they were adjusting positions all the time. Josh was pondering, while paying half attention to the class... Petrov was more built than himself, and Finn was more slim and faster, but for quarterback that wasn' the competition, so Petrov... and JJ Wealthy was more built as well. Maybe he himself was as built as Scop... Munchausen a bit less and Wojcik a bit more, and the other guys all technically 'the same' as him too for a little more or a little less... but he just knew today's test wasn't about being big in built, either... although bigger body people tend to have bigger bladders, he was thinking to himself when he was interrupted by Mr. Raichman's announcement.

"Well, 3:40pm, guys" Mr. Raichman started. "There are these sheets that I just distributed to you". He continued.

"Now let's go to the samples, we talked about. Does everyone remember about it?" Everyone nodded, some more eagerly than others, Josh and his group were the most eager.

The coach continued: "You can deliver me the sample and take the exercises as homework... or you can take your time to go completing it here while your mates 'perform the sample', right?". The coach just said a few classes ago, about the samples that they were all guys and being pee shy was a bad sign, was for girls, besides he wanted to check that, and well... all the rest. He even finished with "Put up a good work to motivate your mates."

The first guy that decided to give the sample, had to whip his manhood out in front of the class, showing some bush and even a little of balls and fill the sample cup. As it was a 2 pints cup, normally samples are just a tenth of that or less. That is what happened. The same with the next two guys. Mr. Raichman was intentely looking at that. It was obvious from his gaze that those guys went poorly on this test.

No one else went after them, and Mr. Raichman was sitting on his desk, and did not ask anyone else to come forward, he just said: "I'm here for a long time this... evening, so take your time to... finish the exercises and take the sample... as you wish." he finished with this phrase, so unlike his normal speech. Josh thought at first this made it all much more serious, right?

At 4pm a guy, with a small moan, you could see from his face and 'the aura' that the glass was getting warm and with a kind of a vapour coming from it, or it was just Josh's imagination 'salivating' for his turn, while he uncrossed and recrossed his legs while half heartedly completing the sheet of questions, sitting on his desk and 'watching another show, display, from this mates, again'. Another guy did just the same.

Well, in between 4:10 and 4:30pm, a few more guys did the test. They were surely more dedicated, half a pint or a bit more. Mr. Raichman was not a smiling man, but that brought an expression of... almost... satisfation - as Mr. Raichman was never pleased.

A few of the guys, Petrov and Finn included, got up to go outside and refill their bottles.

Josh just stopped to complete his exercise, yet again, to watch another 'contestant's' sample as Munchausen went to the front of the class, took one of the huge cups with Mr. Raichman, lifted his red football uniform shirt to show his slim flat abs, lowered the front of his white pants, showing some light colored bush, fairly big balls, no shame on putting his pants really lower, moaned, looked at the ceiling and effortlessly 'sampled' for over a minute. Josh crossed his legs tighter under his desk and gave himself a reassuring squeeze, as he was wondering if he had as much inside himself. I mean, Munchausen didn't look comfy, but not exactly desperate, and delivered such a 'sample'.

In sequence, there was Wojcik, he lifted his t-shirt, a little more built up, not as flat as Munchausen, but definitely fit, and his thighs were so white that were almost matching the pants fabric, big bush... well, much like his previous mate, effortlessly, over a minute, and a bit more built, as expected, 700ml, 100ml more than his mate.

Petrov got up a little after 5pm, while there were only a few people in class. Josh wondered why Munchausen and Wojcik, who did fairly well on their sample didn't leave and resumed to their desks to keep watching. Well, to know the results of all the contestants, of course, Josh - partially correct - concluded. Although, Josh just finished the questions on his sheet and wasn't very well to think profound things or reply anything, just focusing on breathing, recrossing his legs and all the time, as light as the weight of a feather, check the hardness on his navel. He just lifted his t-shirt a bit and ran his fingers on it, and had to contract his thighs due to the shiver.

Petrov was well built, bulk and, by that time, a little reddish on the face. As he was in front of the class - with only the seven of them and coach - he lifted just a bit his t-shirt, a bit in a hurry, took his fairly big manhood out and as Mr. Raichman was holding the cup in hand he stood up. Petrov grabbed his manhood, partly from modesty, and partly to press the head.

"I would like to say, that I personally think that a few of you are doing very well at this test, this first part of the trials." he was saying. Munchausen and Wojcik were watching all intently from desks in the back of the class. Petrov was grabbing him exposed dick, standing in front of the class, but still doing a great job of not be dancing around. Finn and Josh were with their hands on their crotches, rocking back and forth on their desks, watching the scene. JJ Wealty left the class, coach just nodded, and Scop had his both hands inside his thighs, on tensed on his desk, watching it as well.

"As you see..." coach started as he lightly put a finger on Petrov's navel. Petrov shivered but didn't move. "We expect a bigger sample from a more built guy... so dedicated as Petrov." Mr. Raichman finished and, so unlike himself, ruffled Petrov's hair. His face reddened even more.

He gave Petrov the cup. Petrov took an extra second, to take his left hand from pressing his cock, got the cup, still insecure. With a light nod from the coach, he gasped for two long seconds, involuntarly - coach didn't think it was bad or scolded him - and breathed heavily as he was filling the cup. As coach predicted, after over a full minute, 900ml.

Petrov was too decided to check 'who won' so he just resumed to the back of the class, along with Munchausen and Wojcik.

5:10pm, presumably eight hours since Josh and the other well hydrated guys left their places. Finn stood up and went to the front of the class to grab a cup with Mr. Raichman. He had both of his hands in front of his pants. "You can put it off." The coach said and gave him the cup.

As Finn gasped and the painful gush started, Mr. Raichman said "Stop it!"

Finn grunted badly, cut the flow and pressed and massaged the tip with his right hand, while holding te cup, that barely had 50ml in, with his left hand.

"Please, remove your hand, for me to explain something for your mates... who are intently watching you." Mr. Raichman said.

Finn removed his wet palm from his shaft. He didn't dare crossing his legs, he was holding the cup. His left hand, the cup was trembling. He changed the cup to his right hand, but was holding it placed under his leaking cock. Those were only small leaks and he closed his eyes in pain for a second. Then he opened his eyes and looked intently at the coach. "It's ok." Mr. Raichman mouthed. Finn couldn't afford to relax from that comment, anyways, although he felt a little better, if that was even possible.

"Just try not to leak..." Mr. Raichman started... "...much." he continued as he saw the smallest leaks situations. "It's good."

The relieved guys were watching, arching their bodies forward sitting on their desks, in full attention. Scop and Josh were vigorously massaging themselves, absentmindedly, watching it.

"Well, it's 5:15pm." The coach started. "How long since your last urination, Mr. Finn?"

"Mm... 9hrs, coach." Finn replied, panting and leaking, so little, he was doing such a great effort. "I'm s-sorry coach for the pa-hainting..."

"It's ok." Mr. Raichman just gestured with the hand and stopped him from talking.

"So..." Mr. Raichman got the cup back from Finn's hand. Finn held himself with his hands to avoid leaking on the floor. Mr. Raichman got away his relief vessel from him.

"Just lift a bit your t-shirt, please." Mr. Raichman said. Finn used his left hand and pressed hard with his right hand on the head of his shaft.

"Hold your member upwards please." Mr. Raichman said, for him to arch his elbow a bit and give a view from his abs.

"You see, when your bladder is really full, it makes it all rounder, in this area". Mr. Raichman didn't actually touch it, though Finn closed his eyes for a second, then reopened them, noticing he wasn't touched there, that he had avoided the worst of it. "As you can check, the bladder starts spanding upwards when the lower space ends in your abdomen. Do you know feel that too, guys?" Josh and Scop nodded vigorously, as vigorously as they were absentmindedly massaging their crotches.

"Ok, Finn, you can finish." Mr. Raichman said holding the cup for him. Finn didn't have the strength to question... he pissed for 1min20, a good 920ml, almost two pints.

Scop went for it only three minutes later. "Mr. Skopje." the coach said and only nodded handing him the cup. He wasn't interrupted. He panted, breathed heavily, closed his eyes, pissed for a good 1min35, but made it 'only' 850ml. You couldn't say if he was pleased or not, because relief washed over his face expression and body language. He went to a desk close to Petrov and Finn and was just staring for a moment.

Josh didn't want to give up yet, although he felt he was already hurting himself from pressing so hard in between his legs. He had overhydrated so well for this test, he wanted this position so bad. After three more torturous minutes, he was about to get up, when JJ Wealty came back with Ackerman, to the class.

"Hey, can we try it too, coach?" JJ Wealty said. He tried to sound cool, along with Ackerman son, but you could see two obscenely lifting t-shirt bulges and aggitated body language from them.

Mr. Raichman handed him a cup. He was a forth year, very built, not bult, not lean, but mmm.. very very athletic, except for the melon in his navel, at that moment. Although he handed the cup like a pro, didn't gasp, just flinched a bit. He exposed his big hairline on his hard round navel to his massive bush and big white shaft.

He pissed for a solid 1min50, filling exactly the cup and asked for an extra cup for Mr. Raichman, who gladly handed him an extra glass, with an extra 300ml in. He flashed a white smile. Josh would just think how the girls wouldn't fall for him, the current quarterback - ceding the position for graduation.

"Mr. Ackerman." The coach said. Another forth year stud. Not as built as JJ Wealty but even more athletic and more defined, if that was even possible.

Ackerman pissed a solid 2 minutes stream. Actually, he stopped at 1min40, just like JJ Wealty to ask for an extra cup. Although it completed 2 minutes, his second cup made 'only' 250ml more.

They were sitting on the classroom, casually chatting, but of course, everyone was just waiting for Josh's test. They wouldn't have to wait much, as six minutes later, the six longest minutes of his life, maybe, he stood up with a grunt and arching his body a little - it seems Mr. Raichman didn't mind this time. He handed the cup to Josh.

Josh stood in the middle of the class, panting, sweating, parted his legs a bit, lifted his shirt, showing his abs, with no flat and no small packs as usual, just a melon with almost no fur, but a bush with a bit of light brown fur. He made his best not to tremble his thighs, without success and proceeded to a - unwanted - big grunt. At least he managed not to let a tear roll as he closed his eyes a bit more. He used his left hand to pass on his eyebrows and forehead. His stream wasn't as thick as JJ's or Petrov, but he was glad he was finishing to fill the cup. As he thought he would get a second cup, his stream finished at 1min45.

"Very well, Mr. Vanderluss." The coach acknowledged. Josh would be surprised, but he was half numb, half disappointed, so he had not payed much attention to that. But after that gush, Josh couldn't feel bad. Besides, it was already 6:10pm and they had to meet at the fraternity room to finish the details for the big event just on the next day.

After such a relief, and short lunchtime previously, Josh even got hungry. He was going to take practice clothes off, but he was already late, so was everybody, so he hurried to the meeting room.

*012*2025-02-11 13:00

{{4 hours ago, Resch said:

I realy love this story. Male desperation stories are pretty rare. I wonder if Josh would have made it without his morning pee. Maybe some day he won't have time for it.

}}

Yeah there are few stories well written and focused on desperation and insanely full painful bladders. Sometimes it's male and female. Mostly male only a couple well written.

Yeah, John had to start his day, previously, without his morning relief. I was thinking about Josh just going through some of It. Probably I'll get kinkier and exaggerate much more than that

*014*2025-02-14 03:13

Author's brief note: From this chapter on, some interactions must have very taboo issues. If you might get offended, please don't read it (besides, my own bladder is so exploding right now, I can't think of more to say here, chapter finished).

**************

Chapter 14 - The Parade

After gushing a full pint for the 'urine sample test' for coach's tryouts, Josh had to hurry to the fraternity meeting room. He was disappointed on himself. He decided to punish his body a little, with a big soda, chugging a whole bottle of water and refilling it to take it with him to the meeting.

The big event was already on the next day, to raise funds for their college. They were the prime of gentlemen attending there. The event should be a Parade, in a main avenue, downtown, close to the temple and the best stores of Brahe City. They were all set with the school marching band to play. Basically there would be the marching band, some other people parading and the parade float car with a few 'soldiers' and on the top, 'the hero of Brahe City'.

It was a bit past 9pm, it was all decided basically, except for who would play the hero on the parade float car.

After pizza with lots of soda - and the tryouts in which all of them 'sampled' - the guys were playing nice and polite - kind of as they were pals - but were kind of fidgety again. Munchausen and Wocjik were sitting on their knees on the sofa. Petrov was kneeling on the floor by the center table, rocking back and forward as he was talking. Finn had his hands buried inside his thighs. JJ Wealty was playing cool but was actually massaging his crotch while Ackerman was adjusting himself so low to the balls, all the time. Scop and Fur grew so quiet and weren't in no better state.

"So, we have to vote again..." Munchausen started and pressed a hand on his crotch.

"Hey, I think we know the answer, from his ...ahem.. general dedication... specially ...ahem... earlier... Vanderluss should have the position." JJ Wealty said, as he adjusted his sitting position yet again.

Everybody agreed a bit beyond a grunt and declared it set. That night Josh would arrive home for the second big gush of the day.

**************

So, next day, after freshing up and a quick breakfast, Josh arrive extra early at the campus, around 7am. The rest of the family would go to the main street to watch the Parade later - Mr. Vanderluss was utterly proud of his champ jock.

So, basically their hero outfit, for Josh, was the white tight football pants (with sneakers, etc.) and a cropped white t-shirt, pretty much like the practice clothes, but, well, cropped, and Josh would exhibit his biceps and abs, and smile, basically.

That was going to prove to be a warm day, and Josh was a bit nervous, so by 8am, he had already downed his bottle of water. He would make sure to have his small gym pack with his refilled water bottle along with him on the top of the float.

And they headed to the cars, all the logistics they had planned in motion. They would start the Parade at 10am, in downtown. Around 9am they were in the beginning of main street, in formation. They were gathered and the day was getting warmer quickly. The responsibles for each section of the formation (band, float, etc.) made sure to refill everybody's water bottles to their respective bags. Finn refilled Josh's bottle with cold water, which he was thankful for and got a big gulp. This proved to be the beginning of sipping the third bottle of the day at 9am. Josh was thrilled.

At 9:55 am the marching with the band song started. Around 10:05am the float was moving. There really was a lot of people on both sides of the street as it all progressed in really slow pace. Josh was so smily and waving that from that on, he reminded himself of only a small sip of water, once.

At 10:50pm the Parade stopped in front of the square of the temple. On the platform, Mr. Raichman, the Dean and other few Professors said a few words, and then the mayor. Lots of applause going on. Josh could spot his family, father, mother, brother and sister on the crowd, close to the platform. He waved effusively at them. Mr. Vanderluss couldn't smile and wave those big arms more than he was already doing. It seems Mr. Wealty, Mr. Fur and the fathers, and some members of the family, of his fraternity friends were all there nearby as well.

At around 11:40am, after a lot of talking, the mayor declared the food fair, at the end of main street, officially open. Some of the crowd dispersed walking towards the food and drinks stands and some kept chatting and watching as the Parade moved forward, even so slowly. Around 12:30pm, the Parade dispersed at the end of main street and the float had a place to be parked.

There were hot dogs and soda. Munchausen offered Josh a sandwich but he declined. He just went for the big soda cup. He left it by his side, carefully on the float and was sipping in between waves, smiles and shouting back replies to those who were talking to him. As they planned the event, the plan was for Josh to be on the float until the end and dispersion started. The other 'soldiers' of the float, like Petrov and Finn, alternated to go to the food stands to grab a hot dog, soda, etc., and get back in position.

It was already 1:30pm and Josh was more tense than due to the aggitation of the event. He realized he didn't pay attention to his fluid intake.

Actually, as it was close to the temple, the sacred soil, and for 'logistics' to have a proper time to finish the event, there were no porta potties. Besides, they would just refuse to put an event with such filthy things around, and mostly, people would not use them anyways. So, really, after 1:30pm, lots of hot dogs, sodas, and some beer for those, that unlike Josh weren't 'working', people slowly started seeking the comfort of their homes. Although you could see the big figures, like the mayor, Mr. Wealty, Mr. Furfair, Mr. Skopje, and others greeting and talking to everyone, basically.

1:50pm - man, completing 8hrs since Josh had er.. freshened up... and breakfast plus 2.5 bottles of water gone - and Josh was tense. He was by the float as his old man went talking to him.

There were quite some people, but they were starting to disperse. Josh was sitting on the side of the float, resting a hand on his... pants.

"Congrats, my champ." Mr. Vanderluss said with a sideways hug and squeezed Josh a bit, who was sitting by the border of the float. Josh flinched a bit, but smiled. He was still happy, he was just genuinely worried as there was one hour of the official programmation and then they were supposed to get back to campus.

"We arrived here around 9am. I had two cups beers to celebrate you, son. Everybody is having soda and hot dogs. Are you hungry?" Mr. Vanderluss, a.k.a. John asked, mostly checking what he was already suspicious of.

"Yeah, that's all great, no?" Josh said with a small smile, crossed his legs tightly and looked downward for a moment.

"Son, are you happy?" John asked, putting a hand on Josh's shoulder. He could sense Josh's body reverberate. Josh crossed his legs tighter.

"Y-yeah". He replied with half a smile, very genuine, it was the best he could do at the moment. John saw from far away and just confirmed close to Josh, that in that cropped t-shirt Josh's abs were bulging, almost to an obscene level. The girls, and boys, might like it, but his oldest was feeling uncomfortable and it should not get clear to all.

John didn't know if Josh had already learned the secret fraternity code at college or even if they still had it, but he could not let the unavoidable happen.

"Son, you seem tense. Is there anything you wanna tell me?" John asked, a little more seriously, as people were passing by kind of far away.

"Well, sorry father..." Josh said and painted as he massaged his crotch, looked around, no one was looking, and resumed massaging it again.

"Hey, it's ok." John said.

"But... how..." Josh trailed off. "it's just that I woke up extra early, got nervous in this warm day, drank..mmmm.. 3 bottles of water..." and continued a bit faster than he thought it would sound his speaking "and you also consumed drinks here at the party and is ok... and..."

"Hey." John stopped Josh's small panic with a hand on Josh's shoulder as Josh's body reverberated again and Josh shoved a hand on his crotch as his navel started balooning, and it was only 2pm.

"Quick, come here behind the float." John commanded to Josh. Josh got up, arched his body a little, put his right hand on his manhood over the fabric of his white tight pants and followed.

They both double checked around, behind the float and a bush no one could see them.

John got to his knees and said "Fast."

Josh opened his eyes half in horror, half in extase to know he wouldn't be a bummer and ruin his chance like a 'pissing pants hero' on the way back. "Steady and stop it if I say."

Josh was trembling. He didn't know what he was doing, but he had his member out of his pants. Josh slowly engulfed it with his mouth and patted the side of Josh's thigh. He didn't need to be told twice. He did his best but a... not so small... grunt escaped and a tear from his left eye, both eyes closed for a mere moment. Then he opened his eyes again, worried.

He contracted hard his buttocks to be steady, torturously steady as he wanted a strong flow, but couldn't do it to ruin John's t-shirt.

They didn't count but after 1min40 it subsided.

Josh had his mouth open, looking downwards. He didn't know what to say. He didn't have to. John got up and Josh pulled him in a fast but tight tight hug. "Your man is here for all." John replied on Josh's ear and let go of the hug.

After that, Mr. Wealty, even the Dean briefly, and the mayor went to the float to talk to a perfectly composed Josh.

3:15pm, as some people from the marching band had to leave earlier, Josh could either ditch getting back to college, as he talked to Munchausen, or could get a lift from his old man. His mother arranged for everyone to get back home, her included and leave the car with John.

Josh drank a bottle of water in one gulp after all those events. He felt amazing, a winner, and he didn't even know what was the extra feeling he was having.

His old man drove him, he was on the passengers seat.

"Do you want to be getting back home and I find a ride here later?" Josh asked for his old man.

"Nonsense. I'll wait here in the car. You go there to the closing meeting." John said.

"I'll be quick." Josh said as he sure knew, although his father's stoic figure, John had consumed his own drinks and... John flushed hard from only thinking.

And one hour later, on the way back home, Josh was exhausted and grew quiet, but mostly he was observing his father. Other than a few adjustings and tugs, nothing, strong as a bull.

As they arrived home, that evening, John obviously, at least, was quick to enter home. There was on one by the living room or the kitchen.

It seems John didn't completely close the comfort room door and as Josh was just entering the hall and heard a grunt and a moan, he couldn't be modest enough and he was hypnotized to watch by the, just a little, open door, his old man looking at the ceiling gushing forever. As it had been some hours, Josh could use some 'comfort' too, that should be the reason he had his right hand massaging his crotch, vigorously, as he watched the endless cascade.

*016*2025-02-24 04:10

Chapter 15 - The final test for quarterback position

Josh woke up so er... worked up that morning. Maybe he was recalling the recent 'events'... 'event' to be precise... or maybe he was just anxious as that was supposed to be the big day, he thought to himself.

But flashes of what he knew, from the temple sermons, were sinful images were flashing on his mind as he was in bed and, involuntarily, had his eyes closed, and his mouth half opened. At the last couple of days he had Dean's class, that demanded the guys, he included to ber er... extremely 'skillful' plus the fraternity late meetings, drinking with the guys, and driving, and be composed... and the piss samples for Coach Raichman, all the well built guys, going in front of the class to put their tools out, showing mostly abundant pubic bushes, and some didn't even care about showing balls, some especially big, and the long gushes... only thinking about that Josh pressed his right hand on his shaft, as he didn't have his morning piss yet, and had his left hand lightly pressing under his balls.

That was a especially warm day, and Josh was naked, blond hair getting wet with sweat, thick eyebrows, long and golden eyelashes, eyelids covering his dark blue deep gaze eyes, model nose, nice jaw, kissable lips, ample chest, even already with a little of hair, as much as the trail of hair on his navel... oh and he was picturing flashes of what maybe was the most blissful, most beautiful, most mmm... loving and caring, but also most sinful of all the day before, at the parade... and with that he erupted and it hurt to supress a scream, but everybody was home. He quickly pressed harder on his shaft, as piss wanted its way out. He quickly cleaned the stick white shots from his defined torso with his used boxers, put his shorts on and went for a shower, that included a piss at the stall. He felt even more so sinful aiming his piss stream on his pecs, while he was under the spray.

Well, after breakfast, he arrived at college to have the Dean's business class practice, so he was in his smart clothes, just like the rest of the guys who were attending the same class.

That afternoon they would have the officlal tryouts for the quarterback position, that JJ Wealty was just leaving vacant, the so wanted position... Josh was half dreaming, but he just couldn't, because the Dean would scolf anyone who he noticed doing that. Josh wondered if he... and the guys... could dare asking the Dean to finish the class on time... oh, no no, that was totally rude, total lack of notion of hierarchy, out of question... he was formulating on his mind... or asking to leave a few minutes earlier...

"So, it's almost midday." The Dean interrupted everybody, in a loud voice, speaking in front of the class.

"As I know some of you have commitments with Mr. Raichman, I intend on finishing the class a few minutes earlier. Don't leave your coffee cup unfinished, in one gulp, now." The Dean commanded. One would say he almost smiled, but only almost, never quite, as that was the Dean, that morning in his black professor gown, hands on his desk, looking intently at each one of his students.

"And the glass of water, don't leave that half full at your desks." He completed and intently watched the class again.

"Time for a light lunch, especially for those who are going through the tryouts this afternoon with Mr. Raichman. Good luck, you know our institution is very fond of good values guys at sports." the Dean finished the class saying. His gaze, body posture and his tone were so dead serious that one could say he did not meant one word, as it looked something like 'ultra business... robotic' and cold, but Josh knew he meant it, only because he was really fond of Brahe's College and all involving it.

Josh really had salad and a big glass of juice. The guys followed basically the same pattern, and thanks to the Dean they had time to calmly go to the lockers to change into their football pratice clothes, helmet and so on, other than. They would fill their bottles with water and go to the football practice field.

Josh would usually feel a mild pressure in his midsection by that time of the day, but maybe that afternoon he was feeling it extra because they just had a 'business practice class... with the Dean's usual instruction, just before...' or, maybe it was just because he was anxious for the tryouts, Josh thought to himself.

Again, as it was a hot day and Josh was nervous, he gulped almost all of the water in his bottle, by the time the tryouts were about to begin. 2:50pm, just enough time to go refilling his bottle, really quickly, Josh thought to himself. And yeah, as he was chatting with the guys on the bench, and involuntarily tugging and adjusting himself, Mr. Raichman arrived.

Josh thought to himself to focus, and really, from that moment on, he would be focused as a bull. Mr. Raichman went through the motor coordination routine, with the signaling cones exercise, the tires exercise and then the match pratice. They were all heated up and sweaty by now. At each chance, they would sip some water and even splash some water on a reddened and hot face. There were the guys as usual, Finn, Petrov, Wojcik, Munchausen, Scop, Fur... JJ Wealty was playing just to support the tryouts as he was leaving the position himself. Even Ackerman was at the bench watching the whole thing, although he was part of the Lacrosse team.

As practice was finishing at the field Mr. Raichman commanded. "All of you, get a towel, refill your bottles, and to the classroom." he said. "Now, fast!" he screamed to finish his statement, as usual.

"No, not you." Mr. Raichman said, pointing to JJ Wealty and Ackerman. "You two help settling the cones and tires, and after that, dismissed." They only nodded in reply and started to proceed to what they were instructed to do by coach.

With that, there were some twelve guys at the classroom, partly sweaty, towels over their shoulders, partly tired and chugging from their yet again refilled bottles and partly uncomfortable.

"Well, it's 4:30pm, now." the coach started, looking at his watch. "So, I already have my analysis from the tryouts and we're gonna decide the position for the next quarterback..." the coach started.

He noticed as he was talking, that most of the guys, even so slightly under their desks, had either their legs crossed or a hand on their crotches by that time of the afternoon, that would soon turn into an evening.

"So, let's get back to explaining what are the basics of the quarterback position and what it means tatically." the coach was saying. He quickly drawed something with arrows and wrote a few topics on the blackboard and started speaking. He was not circulating in the classroom as usual, when he talked. He was in front of the class, talking, and intently looking at his students.

"So, we're gonna have to collect the urine samples again..." Mr. Raichman started. "I'll start collecting them soon." he said to a tense class of a dozen guys.

Right after that, he picked up his cellphone, started speaking. "I'll be back to collect the samples." Mr. Raichman put a hand on the speaker of his cellphone, as he said it. And with that he left the classroom.

There were a few other guys, but as most of them were from their group from the fraternity and, well, they didn't see a toilet for hours, aaand they over hydrated for the tryouts and after the tryouts... they felt at ease to hold themselves more effectively, that is, more openly. The plan was, if possible, to regain a better posture when the coach returned, which were to be proven to take long.

"Oh man, it's already 5pm." Petrov said, with both of his hands on his crotch.

"Y-yeah, but the position is so very worth it." Wojcik completed, looking at his desk, both hands on his crotch, hair falling on his face, not even looking back at the guys as he was speaking.

Other five minutes and they did not have much more to say anymore.

"Y-yeah, it's getting bad." Munchausen panted. "See, my bottle is empty". He continued. He even salivated with the idea of pissing inside his bottle, remembering the last sample day when they would piss freely in a big vessel, each one.

"The coach didn't even leave the sample big cups... so we could..." Finn started and was interrupted for a wave, and just finished the sentence with a grunt, followed by Fur's own grunt. Scop took the sweat off of his forehead, yet, again, with one hand, the other one never leaving his crotch. The other guys were not in a much better situation and there was no more point in hiding.

Ten more minutes and four guys had already left the classroom, as there wsa no sign of Mr. Raichman returning.

Josh would think that was less competition for him, but all he could do was focusing on his own need. He would contract his legs muscles, alternate his hands on his crotch, massaging not so discreetly his crotch. He would dry the sweat off of his face and neck taking the towel with one hand, the other hand never leaving his - already getting sore - crotch.

"I think Mr. Raichman is not returning, I'm going h-home." Petrov said, getting up in a weird way followed by Wojcik "Y-yeah, I think I'm going too."

"Man, 5:25... where is Mr. Raichman..." Munchausen was saying, scissoring his legs, frantically and pinching his er... crotch.

Finn even had a hand inside his waistband. "I guess there's no more new samples... I'm going home." he said, arching his back the moment he got up.

"Oh, well, it's too much more for me... I mean, i'm g-going h-aaah." Munchausen said, closing his eyes. He regained control and walked awkwardly towards the door.

6:00pm on the dot and almost all the guys had left, after all one hour twenty minutes have passed since Mr. Raichman left the classroom, and more importantly for Josh, there was 11 hours that he was... outside of home on an extra hydration routine...

There were just him and this other guy. Josh was already only looking at the torturing slow clock motion at the wall, he was sitting at his desk with his legs crossed like a pretzel and he even had one hand inside his waistband hurting his manhood to gain a few minutes. He would use his spare hand either to press over his dick pinching hand or to dry his sweat from his face and neck. Even his arms, groin and legs were starting to get sweaty but he couldn't care at the moment.

The other guy - Ryan, he would find that out later - was as tall and as built and Josh and was clearly in distress, although he was probably kind of shy or the super manly quiet type. His longish dirty blond hair was already partly wet in sweat - the tryouts sweat added with their new and current endurance exercise. He alternated his gaze downwards towards his hands on his crotch or looking upwards at the ceiling, accentuating the looks of his proeminent jaw. But Josh couldn't care less, as he was 'almost dying' himself.

Bottles empty, and no one would care to refill them, 'sore er... manhoods' one might say by then, some sharp pain and it was 7pm. It was already getting dark outside, but Josh and Ryan were utterly concentrated each one on their own bodies. The coach got back to the class.

"Hey, I see there's only the two of you." Mr. Raichman started with this deep low voice.

Both of the guys just looked at Mr. Raichman and did not have the strength to verbalize a proper reply. They would try to be nonchalant, but that was not possible anymore. Mr. Raichman could see it in their eyes and in their more than obvious body language. Mr. Raichman could scolf them for being inappropriate and behave like a lady, but maybe he was in a good mood, even a merciful one that evening... maybe not so much.

"I'll be right back in a minute for the samples." he said and quickly left.

Josh and Ryan looked at each other briefly and them each one back at their own crotches, that for a miracle, were still dry, but they surely could feel their swollen navels feeling full and painful with all the pressure as their manhoods were sore and mostly numb by that time.

Coach, true to his words, returned really fast. He was in a so merciful and kind mood, that he brought a large cup of coffee for each one of the two jocks. Each one of them took the coffee with a spare hand, the other hand never leaving crotch.

"Once you finish drinking it, we can proceed to... collect the samples." Mr. Raichman said.

The coach was sitting with legs crossed and occasionally adjusting himself, watching his two pupils. But they couldn't pay less attention to that.

Each one of the two remaining guys were taking sips, closing their eyes and flinching. Ryan decided to finish in a big gulp. One could say he had teary eyes, if they weren't closed.

"F-finished, coach." he quickly said in a deep voice. And briefly closed his eyes again, then looked at the ceiling, moving, actually trembling his legs.

"Ok, here to the front." coach said with a big cup in hand and another placed on his professor's desk.

Ryan got up in an arched position and walked to the front of the class, holding himself.

Ryan got close to the chair where Mr. Raichman was sitting. Mr. Raichman arched his body forward, sitting on the chair, and held the cup in front of Ryan. He didn't need to be told twice and he did his best and could even manage not spill piss once he removed his hand from his reddish sore member.

He gasped so loud and he didn't even think about apologizing, because now the numbness from his manhood spread to his legs, and upper body and he pissed and pissed. Josh closed his eyes shut and turned his head to the side, not to look at this as torture to his revolting bladder. But he could hear the splashing, as he tried to pinch more and more on his crotch, even starting to hurt himself.

When the cup was full, Ryan was already mostly empty and in control to stop the stream without using his hand and proceed to finish his sample on the second big cup.

After that, Ryan got back to his place. He was maybe so modest not to look at Josh, or maybe his mind went just blank from relief for one moment.

After Josh get to the front of the class, in an awkward position, Mr. Raichman was holding the cup in front of Josh's crotch, but Josh couldn't even manage a standing position.

Josh used his last reserves of strength to control the starting jet, but also gasped so loud, but Mr. Raichman nor Ryan got alarmed, because that was expected. His stream was less thick than Ryan, maybe because he was even more contracted from holding over 13hrs of piss in an over hydrated day. He couldn't help feeling a shiver and spasm twice. He had to hold his shaft with his hand not to overfill the cup and finish the piss on the second cup, after a good 2min40 very respectable and decent stream.

"Well, 1300ml, both of you." Mr. Raichman said.

"Mr. McKinley, you're dismissed." he continued.

"Thanks, coach." Ryan mumbled and quickly left.

"So, let's check what we have in here." Mr. Raichman said as he got Josh's manhood out of his pants again and put his finger on his slit. There sure was the smallest amout of precum, even after all the piss jet.

Mr. Raichman got it in his fingertips. Josh was mortified, reddish, looking at the ground. The coach, cleaned his fingers on the side of his pants, lifted Josh's t-shirt up and lightly ran his fingers on Josh's flat abs. Josh couldn't help shiver for a moment. "Feeling better?" he asked.

"Yes, sir." Josh replied.

Josh accidentally bumped the back of his right hand on coach's navel as he was very close. Obviously it was hard as concrete, but it... wasn't possible as Mr. Raichman was still and moved as calmly and firm as ever, as he ever was, stoic.

Mr. Raichman, unusually pulled Josh into a hug and whispered in his eyes "Do you want the quarterback position? I guess you're the favorite on the list at the moment..." he said above a whisper in Josh's ear and let go. Josh only managed to nod. He patted Josh on the back and let go of the hug.

"Dismissed." he said, and Josh got really alert from the deep tone of his voice and quickly left.

That night, after his second big piss of the day, Josh would recall the events, mentally praying to be chosen for the quarterback position, by the coach, but also thinking about the next big upcoming events, such as the secret fraternity interview and the internship and summer jobs program.

*018*2025-02-24 13:50

Chapter 16 - Just another normal day - Drinks with Bill

Mr. Vanderluss, a.k.a. John, was with Mr. Ackerman, i.e., his best friend, Bill. Bill was going through a rough time with Mrs. Ackerman. John completely felt it for him, I mean, Bill also had a kid, they worked together, they were drinking... Bill er... kissed him... on the lips!

John was the big, strong as a bull, hairy chest, ample jaw, ample smile... some say ample.. ahem, well, he would not be all troubled and sleepless for sure. So, on Friday, he did not see Bill's face anywhere at work. During the weekend, his oldest son made him proud in front of the whole town, and Monday was just about to start.

John planned it well. He sure would always pay attention the sermons at the temple. So that, he would bring the subject up with Bill, he would say he had a family, with wife and kids, actually both of them did, and that he cherished their friendship and wished it remained the same, and they remained close as usual... well, maybe not that close, maybe that close should not be the usual... anyways, he would say it and expect things to be fine, and if they were not to be the same, values and family first, John was repeating this mental speech to himself, yet, again, at the car, driving towards the company.

He would arrive at work, tall, well built, a white t-shirt to cover his hazelnut hairy ample chest with no extra belly due to his workout routine... built much alike Bill, truth to be said.

John was thinking, as the afternoon was going by, he already had his fifth glass of water in that warm day, good thing he was set to leave at the correct time and not make any extra hour or shift that day to get back fast to 'the comfort of his place'.

With that, Bill showed up by his office's door. "Heeey." Bill would say with his commercial management function biggest and whitest of smiles. He held his hand high for John to greet him. One would say he was being extra cheerful either to hide nervousness or because that moment was at least mentally rehearsed, but John didn't think any of that, mostly because he had such high regards of Bill. However, that extra boost in the middle of the afternoon took John a little by surprise, he just greeted Bill back.

"Well, nothing special in the last couple of days, everything perfectly dreadful and boring, right?" Bill asked, as he stood, still big smile, hands on his pockets.

"Er... right." John replied, from his chair, with a small smile himself. It was an affirmative sentence although it half sounded like a question. But John managed to hide his quizzcal look.

And with that John realized that Bill was drunk on their last time together at the bar and didn't even remember a thing. John assumed that maybe Bill was all cheerful because he made amends with Mrs. Ackerman. And well, it was all for the best, no speech needed, subject totally dropped and forgotten, maybe John himself had drunk a little at that evening and didn't recall the facts right. John concluded to himself, quite pleased.

With that, John ended up at Bill's on the weekend. It seems Bill was on the barbecue mood lately.

"Where are the wife and son?" John asked as they were eating skewers, both with beer in hand. Bill replied that Mrs. Ackerman had an appointment and the same goes for Ackerman son.

Soon after that, they were both shirtless, by the grill. John could feel the buzz, more than his bladder already. So, as it was not a football match day on TV, that he recalled of, he thought of making an early departure.

"So, there's no football this afternoon on TV..." John politely started, giving a cue for the host not to have him bothering there, as it was only the two of them.

"Oh, but I found that movie I told you, with the fighting guys!" Bill replied as he was washing his hands.

"What's the title, again?" John asked.

"Oh, I don't remember, let's check." Bill said and them both rushed inside and were sitting on the couch.

As Bill pressed play, they were bare chest, with their knees touching. "Hey, you're really being a buzz, invading my space, move over." John said with a chuckle. Bill chuckled as well. One moment after that, John realized he was being impolite, as it was Bill's place. Maybe the fifth can of beer was making John buzzed, he thought as Bill got up and John was tugging on his crotch.

Bill returned with a whisky bottle and two glasses. "Whoa, 'Buchanan's', it's the good thing, but I guess I've already drank a bit over what I should..." John started.

"Hey, but it's to celebrate the success of the parade and I got recently promoted too, remember?" Bill said. Bill would never take a no for an answer, that's why he was just promoted to Commercial Director. "The guys did really well at the parade."

"Yeah, I saw your son was there." John completed.

"Specially your kid, hun?" Bill continued. John couldn't help but fill his chest with air, give a small smile, and mmm... adjust himself again.

That was so very good. As long as John remembered Bill told him he didn't like whisky himself much. Anyways, John didn't notice that Bill was still on his first glass, refilling John's glass and half of the bottle was gone after the first fighting scene of the movie.

John was already repeating - poorly and a bit drunk, sitting on the coach - the fight moves. Bill would laugh at him, and they would both laugh. Bill patted John's thigh and squeezed it. He forgot to remove his hand, as the movie went on to a more slow song no fighting scene. Bill looked down.

"What is it?" John bluntly asked. It was the buzz, as it was so unlike John's best behavior. Well, maybe Bill wasn't on his best behavior either, and most importantly, John wouldn't be the judge of that, as that is not what friends are for.

"It's just that these guys of the movie are so free, they never get tense, they have no... needs." Bill said that and squeezed his crotch. John was filling his bladder was full, actually never leaving his already pinching hand from his crotch.

"And with things going bad with the wife... kids grow distant with the years... I guess..." Bill trailed off, talking to John.

"Talking about needs, the host here, you, is not going to start the use of the comfort room, no?" John said with half a smile, almost regretting his lack of politeness. He was sure he should stop with the whisky.

"No, not yet". Bill said as he had one hand pinching his crotch. "Why do you ask?" Bill continued, moving the tip of his fingers so slowly on John's navel hazelnut hairs.

"Oh, man, you know, a man knows..." John said, looking down at his own navel with Bill's hands on it and pressing his crotch tight for a moment.

"See, I have to go to, but I'm not going, not yet..." Bill said as he stretched and crossed his legs on a sitting position, as he had one hand lightly placed on Bill's navel and the other on his own navel. Bill got up.

"Hey, no need to be sad." John said as they both stood up.

Bill pulled John in a tight hug with one hand, using the other hand to massage his needing support crotch, that was supporting his pressured sphincter. John retributed on the same way.

Bill kissed John's neck on the side and whispered "Thank you."

They got a good three minutes, each one pinching their own crotches.

Bill got one hand on his own crotch and another hand to pinch John's crotch, as a good host, to help John hold his piss, as he wasn't showing the comfort room, yet. John had his mouth half open with the mini relief.

"Do you want me to show you the comfort room?" Bill asked, as he crossed his legs from the very mention.

"Yes." Was all that John replied, lost in sensations and the buzz.

"Please remove your clothes, to avoid any mess er... to use better the comfort room, right?" Bill said with a nervous smile.

As John just proceeded as instructed. As they were already shirtless and had removed their socks in the living room, John removed his pants and briefs in one motion, showing some big dick with a lot of pubic hair and big balls. As Bill did the same, there was a similar picture.

John knew that Bill was admiring him - though he was admiring Bill's naked body too - so he would just casually grab and pull his manhood, although he would shift his weight from one foot to the other, slightly. He wanted to be strong as a stone, but he couldn't keep in place, yet he played a good semi nonchalant show, betrayed only by his lack of clothes and his bulging navel.

Bill entered the stall and was shifting his weight from one foot to the other. "Come here, let me help you to get comfort." he said above a whisper.

They were forehead to forehead in the shower stall. Although they were both bursting for a piss, they managed a hard on, that would subside if the pain got too much for sure, their both bulging navels would touch, if they wouldn't have two very big erections on the way. As Bill got his arms around John's neck, John reciprocated.

As Bill pulled them together, their lips, and the tip of their noses, and their tongues touched, as they were both well built, big men, naked in the shower stall.

Their cocks would tremble even more from the effort of keep their sphincters closed, even after all that alcohol, all day long as evening was approaching, but Bill pushed them together. Their big shafts were pressing in between their bulging navels.

They started pissing, a long, very long stream. As Bill finished, he went on his knees but John was still going. It spurted on Bill's chest. Bill just proceeded to put John's shaft on his mouth and as he got out to hold it better on his hand, he had to move his face, to avoid any accident with acid cum on his eyes. As he looked from below, up to John's piercing eyes, John gave him a big smile and flexed his biceps ruffling his hands on his own hair. It was too much for Bill and he erupted without touching himself.

After that, they showered, and Bill made sure to wash all of John's body and John did the favor back. Of course when Bill arrived at John's most private parts, he soaped it extra well and John ended up cumming again.

They dried and kissed again, but once they left the bathroom, it was an awkward silence, followed by a goodbye sideways hug.

Bill would cum again that night thinking of that.

In another neighborhood, John would cum again too, take another much needed piss and shower and feel a little worried about the next day.

On the next day at work, soon in the morning, John didn't quite have a hangover, as he was a very strong man, but was a bit worn out from the long weekend, but Bill was even glowing. He arrived by John's office door. "Heeey." Bill would say with his commercial management function biggest and whitest of smiles. He held his hand high for John to greet him. "Well, nothing special in the last couple of days, everything perfectly dreadful and boring, right?" and that had been drinks with Bill and that was, now, just another normal day at work.

*019*2025-02-24 16:00

{{7 hours ago, MikeB said:

Absolutely hot and arousing the imagination so many desperate, young guys in their sport dress in one room.

1.300 ml and 13 hours, great! Ryans and Joshs bladder must have bulged out a lot of their usual flat bellies.

}}

I bet you would love having the coach position for tryouts, samples and tests 

He might get meaner than that

*023*2025-02-26 01:12

{{1 hour ago, WhatShouldISay said:

So pleased you went back to John and Bill in chapter 16. I'm more into their story as Josh and his friends are a bit too young for my taste since they are College students. Also some of the stuff in Josh's story with the older men was not something I personally like, however you did warn about taboo, so I shouldn'tbe surprised.

Chapter 16 was a great comeback to John's story. Bill helping John hold it and then them both peeing and kissing together was written so well. It was like one of them fantasies I have for sharing in mutual desperation and then peeing together.

I liked the intimate moments between Bill and John earlier in the story too. It seems like on a couple of occasions (especially the first time Bill kisses John) that John very nearly witnesses Bill losing complete control of his bladder, but Bill somehow only just makes it, or maybe leaks out of John's sight, that part is left to the imagination. I love how Bill shares details of his urgency with John a few times before they finally get intimate together and how John notices Bill's discomfort a lot even before Bill says anything and that he is concerned for him. The intimacy between them builds subtly at first and then this last chapter is sweet and tasty hot.

Also, just to add that this dystopian universe where everyone is holding pee all the time to try to be polite and show strength is a really really good idea. It works so so well. Much better than other clichs in stories where it's not as believable that they wouldn't just go and pee somewhere. With it being a big cultural thing in this place, it becomes more believable. I like the comradery between the characters too as they notice each other grabbing their crotches, crossing legs and shifting positions, but try not to notice so that the person is not embarrassed.

The everyone just always having to wait til they get home thing.

I like how hush hush they are about everything too and how modest with how they think about things, when at the same time they are pretty much masturbating in public sometimes to hold in their pee. There's no wonder Bill and John got close and intimate when they are constantly massaging their manhood around each other.

Really looking forward to reading more in John and Bill's story and finding out more about how this universe works.

It sounds like maybe it's just this one area or one culture in this world that holds pee all the time, because Bill mentioned people in the film they watched not being tense and tired all the time like they are.

One thing is for sure, John and his colleagues are really committed to holding their pee in.

Ooooo I wonder how Bill's promotion day went/goes. I wonder if he had to go to bed without peeing and then go into work for a half day too. Unsure how Bill would manage. John might have to help him a bit. My imagination with these two is going now.

I was gutted when I realised that was the last chapter you had done.

Looking forward to hearing how their friendship/relationship builds.

Thanks for sharing

}}

First of all, thanks. My first thing in omo is posting some media aand stuff of myself (only myself ofc), but I decided giving it a go for writing as I love reading these so much and good omo specially male is so rare to come by.

As a good story should be for my taste, John and Bill might have quite some happy moments together and other characters too, and a lot of painful bladder's horny moments too ofc, but at times the story might have some deep, inappropriate or twisted stuff. Please never get dissapointed and give me a vote of trust, that everything is gonna turn out great in the end.

Btw, If u wanna dm me about plot ideas or others, I love chatting etc

And If u wanna share some plot ideas here it's cool too.

Thanks again.

I'll try my best to post the next chapters.

*024*2025-02-26 05:23

**************

Author's brief pre note

I'm sorry that I went a bit over realistic bladder pressure, but the story plot allows me to bend it a little.

Some interactions must have very taboo issues, but my heart told me to briefly put it in this chapter this way. If you don't like it, please skip it. And if it makes you feel better, and it is the truth, I would not some of it in real life, as I have real average people around me. In the story plot that happens because the environments are filled with unrealistically gorgeous model like people.

Besides, I might get back to the regular track of bearable suffering bladders for a bit, but in the near future, I still want to make them suffer to very sadistic levels.

I'm sorry again, these and the previous considerations I've been putting, but I'm putting these very dirty thoughts out of my mind on the paper/screen.

**************

Chapter 17 - The Vigil

"The sacred scriptures tell about people who were in the desert in the past, and about people who must thrive through a drought, in the future. So one must never refuse a beverage when offered. Remember, most importantly, one must not be in hedonistic thoughts of short term pleasures, and that shows in the most subtle actions, observed by all, the deits and the humans around you, one must not be willing to void all the time, to get the body liquid free, disrespecting those who perished in the desert for us to be here today". John was recalling last Sunday's sermon, that he, the wife and the kids (not small anymore, but still...) were all together in impeccable looks, listening to.

The after service is so good for social interaction, a great oppotunity to see most of their circle of acquaintances. Linda is the one that makes most of it. John is positive that all her wife's efforts in the ladies organization (again, called 'Ladies - Preserving, Inspiring, Serving and Shining') and all these social gatherings have favored him in the past and would certainly still favor him with his boss and the direction board in general. John didn't make it bad himself, as he would always have a chat here and there with the gentlemen while they were all leaving the temple.

That was 'Pre Sacred Sunday' sermon, but at that moment, John just freshened up and he was up for something more special and important. The 'Sacred Weekend', that culminated with the 'Sacred Sunday' had a pre start with the 'Three Day Vigil', taking place on Thursday, Friday and Saturday.

Usually the workers that wanted to be part of the beginning of the vigil would be authorized to take the Thursday off. The managers and directors would normally use the holiday on Friday to help on participating on the Temple's Vigil.

As local custom the front rows of the temple seats would be reserved for the directors, who were invited by Temple's High Priest, Sacred Priest and Minister Auxiliaries to participate in the vigil. And, as usual, as they would put in the planning of the Sacred Weekend, 'the commoners' would mostly participate on the vigil on Thursday and there would be two small sermons conducted by Minister Auxiliaries. On Fridays, mostly the managers and some directors of Brahe City would be majority at the vigil. On Saturday, director would occupy most of the front rows, and on Sunday morning, the High Priest or someone designated by him would deliver the 'Sacred Sunday Sermon'.

It was Friday 3pm and John had just finished freshening up and gather the family to go to the Temple Vigil. Actually they would go in two cars, as John was intended to stay longer. As tradition, everyone would be dressed in white or off-white, or one piece of each color, as a signal of respect for the purity of The Long Weekend of Sacred Sunday.

That was a special time every year, but even more so this year, for John, as it was his first vigil as director, so that, as they arrived, Linda, Lauren, Josh and Peter would get in the first row right after the director's front rows, in the temple. It seems a sermon from a Minister Auxiliary had just finished. As expected John found - and took his time with greetings and small talk above a whisper in the cold echoing place - Mr. Wealty, the recently nominated director Bill, Mr. Truss, Mr. Alsace, Mr. Fairfur, Mr. Skope, Mr. Fairbanks and even Dr. Goodfeel. As expected, all of them were dressed in white or off-white, or mixed in between those two very light pallet of colors.

They would take turns into praying, reflecting, as an act of contrition, or making a pause to refreshing at the back of the temple, as there was a table, set traditionally with water, wine, light sandwiches, fruits and mint chocolate, on the top of it.

John just went to the 'wine table' to get half a glass of water and a glass of wine - the wine the temple usually offered in such occasion was just divine, highly recommended to take a glass at the opportunity. That is because he went signing the Vigil Book of the year, in which he would write his name, the wife and kids, and write the time they arrived. He checked - as actually everybody does - what time his peers have arrived, as it was already 3:40pm of that Friday holiday. Mr. Fairbanks, 7am; Dr. Goodfeel, 7am; Mr. Wealty, 8am; Mr. Truss 8:30am; Mr. Fairfur, 11am; Mr. Alsace, 12am; Mr. Skope, 12:30am; Bill, 1pm. It seems the vigil was just beginning.

There were long benches on each side of the temple's aisle - the front part reserved to the directors and alike in the city - the front-to-mid section was not clearly reserved, but only the managers and directors and managers families would usually take those seats. And from the middle on, to the back of the aisle, other people would come show their respect, make their - usually short - act of contrition and leave.

The back of the so shiny wooden benches were actually made of padded kneelers, so that, people would alternate in between sitting, kneeling, standing, going to the temple's back table to refresh and snack, while they were in contemplation and contriction. And all the row of men, always so distinguished around the city, were all in light color t-shirt and pants.

The temple's marble floor and the marble altar were so white, that they were glowing as the afternoon light entered the aisle. The men in off white clothing were almost glowing along with the temple inside itself - John was contemplating. He looked back and his yongest, Peter and his girl, well, young woman, Lauren were concentrated, eyes closed, praying; his wife gave him a smile and a wink, while his oldest, Joshua, discreetly waved a small wave. He looked in front of him, on the first row, and Mr. Wealty and Mr. Truss were kneeling and praying. John was on the second row, almost right behind Mr. Wealty. On John's right side, there was Mr. Fairfur and Mr. Skope. Bill and Dr. Goodfeel were in the third row. Bill was diagonal to John, behind him. To John's left there was the central corridor and to the other side of the aisle, the first row of benches was empty, most probably awaiting for Mr. mayor and other authorities, and on the second row there was Mr. Alsace and a few more people.

John was thinking of all the good things he had happened since last Vigil or last New Year's eve and how he was thankful for most of them. He had a good house, more important than that, a proper house, built with the modest it should possess - not full of... greed and... lavatories, a job that he adored, and in which people liked him, admired him, well some adored him, and he adored some as Mr. Wealty, Mr. Truss and, oh, Mr. Ackerman. He was thinking how important was his last ultrasound examination to get his promotion, how he held his head high, and his er... sphincter muscles tight, to celebrate his promotion. 

He was invited to The Gentlemen's Club, an experience he sure had to repeat when the chance lands upon his lap. He worked extra shift until late at night with no complaining, had long lunch with clients, but also campaigned for charity, no matter how long to stay outdoors and he even went to a formula one vip area, and even crazily took a urine sample there with the big guys and... well that was not anything else important to recall, right?!... Although he might say he... grew very fond of his... co worker, Mr. Ackerman, Bill these days, that was kneeling, under the white glow, majestic, just a few feet away from him. He tried to focus.

In ten minutes John was kneeling at his spot, Mr. Fairbanks, who was a tall well built man for his age, a bit older than John - to John's right -, had knelt, sat, knelt and sat again. John briefly looked to his right, and Mr. Fairbanks offered a beautiful smile of sympathy and a light bow with his head.

"It's an unique opportunity of contriction in self sacrifice, right..." Mr. Fairfur said to John, above a whisper in the echoing aisle, so that, getting his mouth really close to John's ear. John supressed a shiver and couldn't help noticing Mr. Fairbanks was under the right light, in a white cotton shirt and off white pants, along with his brown shoes - as he had his shirt untucked, as all of them, John couldn't notice the color of his belt.

John was lost in his thoughts again and in what seemed like one moment, Bill was carrying two cups of water and handed a cup to him and one to Mr. Fairfur. Mr. Fairfur was kneeling with one hand in between his thighs. He grunted very low and adjusted his position, using his free hand to get the cup and thanked Bill.

John was sitting on the bench. He took the cup and thanked Bill, too. Lost again in his thoughts, in what seemed just another moment, Bill was passing in front of John, in the front row, offering the temples cups with water to Mr. Wealty and Mr. Truss.

"Hey, care for another cup of water... or maybe a sip of wine?" Bill said above a whisper, taking John's cup back. The temple's cups were golden and decorated with small colorful gems.

"These cups are so beautiful, and mmm... you are being such a... well, let me not flatter you too much..." John was replying, also above a whisper. "How could I refuse, yes please". As Bill was to motion away, John lightly pulled him with his hand and held his shoulder - damn, Bill must be working out more often. As John would say thanks again, their gazed locked, the light color of their eyes, more evident under the sideways sunrays of the aisle. He ended up saying nothing and resumed looking forward to continue his prayers. Soon, Bill returned with a refilled cup to John.

There was no clock at the temple's walls and John wasn't one to be checking on his cell phone all the time as they were in prayers. But not long after that, he could feel Mr. Fairbanks was kneeling, yet again, feeling restless. John could guess that gaze he just glimpsed. John lightly put a hand on Mr. Fairfur's left shoulder and he smiled and bowed, so that John put his arm around Mr. Fairfur's back as they were both kneeling, sides touching now.

"After 10 hours... in contrition... one grows restless and tired... in more than one sense." Mr. Fairful said with a light smile. John only lightly nodded in agreement.

"Thank you for the opportunity of, this year, being able to be in contriction... make my own sacrifice, along with the director's boards of town..." John said and rubbed Mr. Fairfur opposite shoulder with his hand, as he continued with his right arm, lightly placed on Mr. Fairfur's back for a few more minutes. He was sure the shivers would get smoother with some er... moral support. They went to a sitting position and John would get his arm around Mr. Fairfur, sideways, for a few more minutes. After that, they got a long time sitting on the bench, with their knees touching. They were whispering some small talk and pleasantries while Mr. Fairfur, while Mr. Fairfur would rub his palm in his inner thighs, although John was positive he wasn't feeling cold.

7pm sharp and an Minister Auxiliar started the evening sermon. That evening, that was especially beautiful, as the Minister was talking about a scripture describing the moment the character of the scripture found a new land with lush vegetation and full of waterfalls that stretched further than the eyes could reach to appreciate them. Mr. Fairfur only whispered bye to John and left. John looked back and his wife and kids had silently left too by then.

John occasionally checked his phone again and it was 7:50pm as the sermon moved to the end of the second tale and prayers. He couldn't help noticing Mr. Truss was frantic and the back of Mr. Truss' t-shirt that was right in front of John was forming a darker circle, most probably of... Mr. Truss' moist. John noticed how Mr. Truss got on his knees and rocking back and forth for hours by that time. No wonder he was the Legal Director of his workplace, John concluded in admiration for his hardwork of contrition.

It was almost 9pm when the sermon finished. Mr. Truss looked to his back and spotted John, greeted him. Then, Mr. Truss turned to his back on the bench. As they were whispering pleasantries about work and family, Mr. Truss ended up on his knees on the bench, talking to John, sitting on his heel and with a hand gripped to his 'midsection'. John thought it was an awkward position for a moment but... well, he was glad Mr. Truss would be in that position just to give him some attention.

After that, John decided it was time for a light snack and maybe a, very small, cup of coffee, as those were just refreshed at the temple's aisle back table. John would talk a long time to Mr. Wealty and Bill. When he got back to the bench, it seems Mr. Truss had left, or course, because he had already fulfilled his b... duty.

As the night was going to take its course, John and a few decided it was a good time to 'stretch their contricted bodies', actually to take a nap. In the smaller, right aisle, there were a dozen of sleep mats, right in the open of the aisle. A good opportunity to charge the cell phones, stretch the body - or depending on the state of the b... contrition, not stretch, but contract in the right places, even more. And also chit chat a bit.

Bill, just like John and mostly everybody else, did not miss the chance to take the shoes and socks off and take one of the temple's flip flops. Those were annual offerings, made of 'the good leather', so one could not refuse them. They were sitting side by side, knees touching on 'John's mat' as Bill left his things on another mat and went to join John in a small mat. They would watch some videos on Bill's phone, only with subtitles, with no sound, and chuckle very quietly. One by one, the others started to nap or alternated naps in between them.

At some point, they both drifted off as they were watching videos, sitting with their backs to the wall, with Bill's head resting on John's shoulder. John was awake by the first morning light sunrays, as there would be no curtains in the upper windows glasses of the temple. John woke up to Bill's cell phone on John's lap... and Bill's hand.

John tried to slowly move Bill's hand away, but Bill shrugged awake in a small jolt and put his own hands on his own crotch, as he 'stretched his arms towards his crotch', actually that's a very sexy and nice way of stretching and waking up.

Bill, and then John, went to a sink at the back of the temple to brush their teeth, got their things together in their respective bags, took the opportunity to replace breakfast to only a glass of water half of a sandwich and two or three pieces of mint chocolate, at the back table... as a sign of contrition. They decided to kneel side by side at the second row.

Soon after that, the Saturday morning sermon started. Yet another different Minister Auxiliary explained that the Sacred Priest had designated him with the sermon of the big flood.

John and Bill were sitting and listening. Bill crossed and uncrossed his legs, restless. John thought maybe that was Bill's tired and sleepy body telling him he that he skipped the 'comfort of his own home' that morning. John could understand the feeling himself. But Bill would not get up in the middle of one of the Sacred Weekend sermons, or in the middle of any sermon, as it was so unusual to do so.

Well, after the sermon was over, John decided to sit in a vacant mat, with his legs crossed and read a scripture book the brought with him. That was the perfect time to do it. Before that, he would just pass by the back table to get a sip of water, maybe just enough not to get his lips dry. John mentally kicked himself remembering himself he was in the sacred soil and should not have such 'stingy' thoughts, and to drink at least a half beautiful cup of water, and so he did.

That place had a thing that, no matter what, hours would pass by - maybe as he was not at home, and the energy and aura of the place, nothing else to do, not being interrupted. But he was feeling restless, maybe his legs were moving involuntarily because he was getting tired of reading, he said to himself, and got back to the bench.

He found Bill on the bench, sitting, rocking back and forward, with his hands in between his legs. A few more people had arrived at the temple, making the aisle mildly crowded too, in that Saturday ending morning.

As John quickly said 'hey' to Bill, Bill stretched his sitting position and got his hands on the top of his white pants thighs, with just a rub, and was sitting still. He flashed that unmistakable white smile at John. His off white clothes, his hair was shining like copper, his amber gaze. There surely was something with that place and the light. Bill quickly got up and returned with a cup of water to John.

After some time, John thought of grabbing a sandwich or half a sandwich but decided against it. He was not hungry, he was 'so contricted' that he was growing restless. He could feel that his - ample - shoulders were very tense, his buttocks were getting numb, his thighs would get sore and tense. He circulated a bit and greeted and made some small talk with Mr. Becker and a few other acquaintances. After that, he decided it was time for half a glass of water, as there was no way to avoid it, and coffee, but only half a cup of the small ones.

It was 2pm, a whole turn of the Earth, without the comfort of his place, no wonder he felt so 'tired', John thought adjusting himself, wondering by the temple's door, glancing the square outside and its sunny Saturday afternoon. He would bend and put his hands on his knees a bit and then adjust himself again. Put his right hand in front of his left, and then change it.

John decided to get back to the right aisle and 'chill' at a mat a bit. There were only two more men in another corner, in their mats, and he found Bill sitting with legs crossed, eyes closed, rocking back and forth, in his mat, with his both hands on his... front.

John kneeled in front of Bill, with his hands in his... front, too. It felt good, he could not deny it, and said "Bill..." in a light tone.

Bill opened his eyes and only nodded with a small smile, his hair falilng on his face as he was rocking back and forward.

"Do you want something to eat... drink, do you want me to bring you some water?" John asked.

"N-no, thanks." Bill said and streched his arms towards his midsection with more strength.

John had one hand on his... midsection and reached another hand, ever so lightly, on Bill's shoulder. "Are you okay, man?"

"Yea-h, I'm fine. Thanks." Bill said, even though obviously in pain, he still could be charming as ever.

"If you think it's time to go home..." John trailed off.

"Oh no, if you're fine I'm fine..." Bill said and flinched and closed his eyes. "Besides, the afternoon sermon, again, is about to begin".

"Hey, open a button and the tip of the zipper." John bent over and whispered in Bill's ear. With that, John grunted, so low, and resumed his position back.

"N-no, it's fine." Bill said above a whisper.

"Hey, hold tight." John whispered gazing at Bill's... both hands... on his... midsection, and helped opening the button of Bill's pants and a third of the zipper and caring and lightly put Bill's shirt covering it. He could feel Bill's small sigh and Bill smiled and whispered a small thank you.

After watching the afternoon sermon, rocking back and forth on the bench, beside John, Bill made his way to leave to his place.

John killed some time with small talk to two or three of the men and then resumed to his place on the bench. He was growing very tense, although he forced himself to a new half cup of water.

"Hey, son." Mr. Wealty approached John, with a hand on his shoulder. John was sharp on be on small talk mode for almost twenty minutes, almost forgetting his need, other than a few flinches from the smallest of 'waves'.

John really could feel he was 'contricting and repending' for real this time, given his new position opportunity to have a front row seat reserved, especially for that purpouse. He was so sure that would bring luck and prosperity to his team at the company - there were dozens of people under him, that depended on that extra luck, he thought to himself, reassuring that goal.

"Hey, son". Mr. Wealty restarted. "You are doing exceptionally great for a first time director's vigil". John only nodded. Mr. Wealty continued. "You're already one of the best..." and continued after trailing off. "If... you need to go home, it's already good, I know you arrived before yesterday's afternoon sermon, 3pm yesterday".

"No, I'm good. Thanks for the concern. I'm not gonna do my best, I'm gonna do my very best, Sir." John replied. He just would not fill his ample chest with air, because that would cause his tired... body, to flinch.

"If you gotta go... home, you gotta go... home." Mr. Wealty said, above a whisper. But John could see the sparkle on Mr. Wealty's eyes on his resolution. That was enough to renew his resolution, at least for a bit longer.

Soon after that, Mr. Wealty left, although it was clear that the temple, as usual, was getting fuller of people, as the big Sunday morning sermon was getting closer.

In the next hours, John could not attend to the evening sermon, as he would almost meditate in a mat, and then walk around the back of the aisle, check his phone, his notes, his book... as he could not concentrate on anything except his... contrition. He was 'extra contricted' after 27 hours. He was being very careful with his liquid intake, still he tried to block those sinful thoughts and drank two more half cups of water, not to dehydrate nor be 'stingy'.

As evening turned into night, John was sure he could use a good mattress, a shower, good food, a nice juice and... and only that, of course. That proved to be a painful night for more than one reason. He could not sleep, he actually got to drift off for fifteen minutes twice and then for one hour almost by sunrise time, won by tireness, or better, worn out or better his... midsection insides were... very tired, but contricted.

His resolution got back for - what he thought would be - his last reserves of strength, as he waved to his family a few rows behind him, that arrived extra early even before 7am, to the Great Sunday Morning Sermon.

Mr. Wealty was back for the sermon and couldn't hide his surprise and his big smile, that would shine inside his pupils. Mr. Truss and the others followed the same pattern. Bill was surprised, and took a seat right behind John again. He put his suit on the top of their both laps and lightly passed his left little finger on John's navel, but so lightly John could not feel any pressure, just to make sure John's button was unbuttoned, which it was. Then, he grabbed John's hand, that obviously was holding his crotch, and squeezed so forcefully on the top of John.

He could see the small smile of relief from the extra pressure on John's own hand... crotch. John's two hands plus Bill's left hand, on John's crotch, as they were two very well built men would be enough to literally hurt John and make him sore in that... section, but John couldn't be more sore, nor could feel his... gems down there anymore by that time. Besides that was the amount of pressure from the outside to stand a chance against the insane pressure from the inside. If John wasn't fit, taking care of his intakes, and had not John been extra well with his Brahe's vaccine jabs routine, he would have collapsed, but now Bill literally had an extra support for him.

After what seemed a long sermon, but actually it was only 10:30am, it was finished. The High Priest was absent, yet again, but the designated Minister - and the other Ministers probably knew all - couldn't help but looking a few times, from the higher ground, to John and lock for three times during the sermon, gaze with John, and imagine what John's watery eyes were feeling at that moment... and mainly, his lower abdomen.

As the sermon finished, with a few cheers from all the big figures of town, bosses and other acquaintances included, all were really fast, and discreet to literally release John's path to go home. The wife and Josh had taken everybody home to leave John alone in his own car. The first 'miracle' from the vigil that he noticed is that he was still dry, although his lower abdomen felt so sensitive that if the wind changed direction he could literally feel more pain. Each step on the gas pedal and John would wipe a tear from his face, to again, put his hand back on the wheel, the other never leaving his hurt numb manhood.

As he arrived home and stopped the car slowly to avoid any extra pressure or bump, he stepped out of the car, slowly, in an arched position, flip flops that he forgot to change, tired in the same clothes, the most 'contricted' he had ever felt in his entire life. He was not even thinking anymore, as the proximity to 'comfort' would make things even more painful. He felt pain with each step, and with each jolt of pain he whispered thank you to himself.

As he entered home, his heart sank, as he spotted Mr. and Mrs. Claasen in the living room, sitting on the couch. Linda was in the kitchen and he saw that Josh couldn't be more full of himself, talking about college, while Mr. Claasen eyes were shining.

John did not notice, honestly, if he lost some focus or strength on his way home, in the car, or when he entered the living room, but he was sure his boxers were not dry anymore. He just could not check now, or he would lose his faith, that was all that was holding his sphincter closed under unhuman pressure.

Mrs. Vanderluss quickly noticed the situation and ushered everybody to the dining room, saying that the Sacred Sunday food could not get cold by any means and that Mr. Vanderluss had just arrived and was sleep deprived.

John Vanderluss just could not, would not, enter the comfort room with guests, leave alone such high caliber guests inside his place. What could he do, would he let the flush noise echo his place with the guests to hear it, would he not flush and leave it smelling - actually it should float with the liters of pee he had inside himself at the moment. Those thoughts made him produce his first real gush. He tried to press even tighter on his crotch but his knuckles were already not only white, not getting reddish, but getting purple. He had no course of action anymore... except...

He slowly got up, and tried to supress a tear and a grunt. He went upstairs, and with each step he mentally thanked. The oratory room. Thank the deities, he didn't have to have the coordination and free hand to lighten any candle, as they were all lightened at the time. He truly did not know what to do, so he was just kneeling by the candles, almost in defeat... almost, as he had soreness and actual pain in his crotch and his abused manhood, but he just could not feel it because nothing would second his bladder absurd pangs, trembling, shivers and burning burning pressure.

He was starting to feel dizzy. Even with Brahe's jabs a gentleman was never instructed to let the 'mundane questions' affect his blood pressure, but John told himself with the some twenty percent of thinking he had left that was not used from his brain to control his screaming bladder, that it was because he ate little in contriction in the temple, that was all. Actually that was 'all' because he did not know what he could do. He did not even know if he recognized the pain from his midsection radiating to all of his body, his numbing feet, his tingling chest...

There were some good two minutes that Josh got upstairs and was staring at his father. He never thought that feeling pride and admiration could feel so hot in his chest and irradiate downwards. "Hey, dad."

"Josh." Was all John replied with closed eyes. He could not move, not even his head or neck.

Josh put his hands on the top of both of John's hands, that were actually on his crotch. Josh put his forehead touching John's forehead. "Hey, it's ok, I'm here for you, remember what you told me the other day when I was almost in big trouble", he finished above a whisper.

John felt another gush and closed his eyes tighter and those were the only muscles left for him to contract even tighter.

Josh slowly pushed him to a standing position. He tried to resist at first, but he did not have the strength as small painful gush after small painful gush starting touching the floor. As they were both standing, Josh pulled John in a tight hug and John let go losing notion of time for over three minutes. If Josh was not a strong lad himself, and had not supported him, John did not know 'how' he could stand voiding and be back to his normal body inner pressure. John could finally breath again. Shame would wash over him if he had his senses back, but he did not. He had a very painful navel, a very bruised sore... member and a tired sleep deprived body, but the first thing he could start feeling was pride of having completed his contrition quest and being an example for his employees and sons. "Thank you." John whispered as Josh loosened the hug, never letting totally go.

"I love you, dad." Josh said in John's neck. "I love you, son." John replied, as they both said that sentence for the other for the first time they could recall of.

***

Author's brief post note: Finishing it in here, finally one of the few long chapter the way I prefer. I might get back to the regular track of bearable suffering bladders for a bit, but in the near future, I still want to make them suffer to very sadistic levels. Besides, my own bladder, as usual, is very full at the moment, so I'll post and leave it here for now, already thinking on the course of the next chapters.

