Bully class problem

Author: Emra_Tamiki_1

*000*2023-01-08 00:55

The bully is Akuma and the other classmate is Tyler

Everyone was in class and this is the teacher the chooses favorites. Tyler is one of the favorites buy Akuma isn't. It was around 11:30am and class ends at 12:40, the teacher passed around a test and Tyler sits right next to Akuma. At 11:58, Akuma started kicking Tyler's leg alot and has the most teary eyes he's ever seen. Tyler was a bit conserned so he just let Akuma kick his leg to get rid of the stress. 12:00 Tyler felt something on his shoulder, he looked over and it's Akuma laying on his shoulder looking in pain and tired. A few seconds later, Akuma raised his hand

"teacher.......can I-"

"AKUMA, DON'T TALK TO ME UNLESS YOU'RE REALLY HURT. SIT DOWN AND DO YOUR TEST!"

Akuma put his hand down and held himself so badly, that it looked like he was about to start drawing blood. A while passes by and it's around 12:15 when Tyler heard people laughing and sound of piss was sound close. Tyler looked at Akuma and his face was so red that Tyler couldn't tell if it was him or a balloon. He looked down to see why people are laughing and recording, then realizes that Akuma was pissing himself and it was overflowing the chair and his pants that were white, are fully yellow now. Everyone is laughing and recording*

Teacher: Why didn't you say you needed to go!? You're staying here until you clean the mess and you have 3 hours detention!

Before Tryler knew it, Akuma ran out and everyone was posting the video over the internet. Tyler ran after Akuma and couldn't find him. After a bit of looking, he goes to the abandon bathroom in the basement and he hears crying from the last stall. Tyler goes over and knocks on the door

"Akuma?"

"SCREW OFF TYLER!"

"Hey, can I come inside....."

"NO BECAUSE YOU'RE GONNA BE LAUGHING AT ME TO"

"No I'm not....Please, if you let me in, I can stay here with you until you need to go home"

A minute past by and he hears the door unlock. Tyler walks inside and sits next to Akuma.

"Akuma, it's gonna be okay........Do you want me to stay?"

".......Mhn......yes......please!"

"Okay, do you want a hug? I don't really mind if I get wet"

Before Akuma could answer, he feels Tyler hug him so tightly. Akuma had no idea to react because he's never been hugged before so instead, Akuma just starts crying on Tyler shoulder and passed out after a little. Tyler refused to leave his side for rest of the day until Akuma woke up

