Cassy's Desperate night

Author: enson

*000*2022-12-20 22:11

Hi all, I have been really experimenting with AI and this is something good I got out of it.

Only a few pushes and prompts to keep it focused.

Let me know your thoughts

Cassy really had to pee but her boyfriend wouldn't let her go. He tells her"Your not allowed to pee, you must hold it for me tonight".

She tried to fight him off well laughing and escape but he was too strong. Cassy's now tied to the bed well her boyfriend begins rubbing his fingers up and down her slit.

She moans softly as she feels the pleasure of being touched by her man again. Her pussy is soaked. Well after awhile she can feel herself getting wetter and wetter. Well she wants to tell her boyfriend how much she needs to pee so bad but its too late, her boyfriend then gets out a vibrating dildo and puts it inside her wet pussy.

She's so close but if she cums she will pee all over herself. Her boyfriend rubs her clit with his thumb while he fucks her pussy with the dildo. Cassy couldn't take it anymore! She feels the orgasm building in her body. She screams out "I'm gonna pee!" But she holds it back. The orgasms continue to build in her body until she finally lets loose. A huge gush of warm pee sprays out of her. It splashes against the wall and onto her boyfriend's hand. Her boyfriend laughs at her and says "You are such a naughty girl" and starts rubbing his shaft on her pussy lips. Cassy can't help it, "Please just fuck me" she screems out loud.

Well her boyfriend grabs her legs and pushes them up into the air. He rams his cock deep inside her wet pussy. He begins fucking her hard, faster and faster. Cassy's body shakes as she orgasms again. Her boyfriend continues to fuck her pussy with his big cock. Cassy can't believe how good this feels. After a few minutes of hard pounding pushing on her bladder, Cassy can't hold it any longer. She cries out "I gotta pee again!" Her boyfriend says "Not yet slut I want you to cum first." So he keeps fucking her pussy until she has another powerful orgasm.

Her pussy is dripping wet from all the juices that have been flowing out of her. She reaches between her legs and takes his cock in her hand. She strokes him slowly while rubbing his balls with her other hand. She looks into her boyfriends eyes and whispers "Fuck my pussy harder," Cassy says. Well her boyfriend does just that, he picks up the pace and pounds her pussy with his cock. His thrusting becomes more intense. Cassy cries out "Yes, yes" as she cums again. This time she pees all over herself.

We have definitely got to do more of that.

I love you baby.

