Omori fic - Sunny`s Summer at the Cabin - Page 2

Author: Erase

*025*2021-11-11 08:05

{{On 11/9/2021 at 6:32 PM, Stinky Keldeo said:

Oh hell yeah! I love Omori, super cute and lovable characters, im only 5 minutes into the reading but i bet im gonna love this! Cant wait to read it all ^^

}}

Oh yay! Tell me what you think when you're done. They're all so cute. ❤️

*027*2021-11-27 17:36

After Hero got cleaned up and everyone finished their donuts everyone made their way to bed. Kel felt bad about pushing Hero to drink so much. He knew Hero struggled with drinking sometimes but drinking with friends was a lot better than drinking alone to deal with the stress of pre-med coursework. Kel got Hero and himself a couple glasses of water so that Hero's hangover tomorrow wouldn't be quite as bad. Kel laid down in bed. Kel had missed sharing a room with Hero and if nothing else he was glad they were in the same room just in case Hero had another accident. Kel knew Hero was didn't like to talk about it but it wasn't unusual for his older brother to wet the bed after a lot of drinking. After Hero finished his water Kel looked at Hero wanting to put what he was going to say delicately. "Hey Hero?"

Hero looked at Kel. He was still pretty drunk so he was a little unfocused.

Kel sighed. "Would you want me to wake you up in a couple hours in case you need to... umm..."

Hero blushed but nodded. He didn't really want to verbalize it but even as drunk as he was he knew he probably couldn't hold everything til he woke up. He really didn't want to wet the bed while Kel was sleeping by him.

Kel gave him a small smile and set an alarm on his phone for 5 hours. "I got you. Go ahead and relax."

Hero and Kel laid down after that and we're out pretty quickly thanks to the alcohol.

Hero didn't wake up when Kel's alarm went off. Kel did but it took him a few minutes to remember why he'd set it. He felt Hero moving in his sleep though and remembered and was glad he'd set one. Hero was usually a pretty heavy sleeper so he probably needed to go. Kel sat up and realized he should probably go too but he was more worried about Hero at the moment though. Kel put a hand on Hero's shoulder and the older male responded with a groan but his moving stopped. "You were moving around a lot. The alarm went off. Maybe you should get up for a minute."

Hero looked over at Kel and sat up before quickly bringing a hand to hold himself when he finally started to realize what was happening.

Kel grinned. "Looks like I woke you up just in time. Better hurry, I need to go too."

Hero nodded before quickly getting out of bed and making his way towards the bathroom. Kel watched as he went in and poured a glass of water for himself and Hero while he waited.

Hero felt his face heat up once he got into the bathroom. He was glad Kel had been looking out for him but it was still embarrassing to be woken up at the age of 22 by your younger brother so you didn't wet the bed. He quickly pulled himself out and let out a sigh of relief. He was holding a lot after all the drinks and water Kel had given him. It felt really good to let go.

He'd been having a dream that he'd been looking for a bathroom and couldn't find an acceptable toilet. He had been seriously considering a tree when he woke up. If he'd stayed asleep much longer he might've wet. It was lucky Kel got him up when he did.

It took Hero a couple minutes to finish up. His capacity wasn't so much the issue more that he slept to deeply and drank too much. Once he was done he came out of the bathroom. He was a little startled. Kel had been standing outside with a glass of water for him. He was shifting from foot to foot. Hero took the glass from Kel and let him in the bathroom. Before he could close the door Kel let out a quiet contented sigh and Hero could hear water hitting water. Hero closed the door and slowly nursed the water Kel had given him.

Not much later they were both back in bed successfully dry for the rest of the night.

*029*2021-11-27 18:07

{{5 minutes ago, Alex62 said:

Great story as always!! I hope a new one comes soon, I really like these characters!! Kel needs to wet now so everyone has but I want Sunny to eat again as well.

}}

It might be a bit but I intend to continue with a Kel chapter. Sunny definitely has more wetting and holding in his future.

*034*2021-12-27 17:32

The start to the day was pretty slow. Hero was pretty well knocked out so the group ended up eating donuts for breakfast. Sunny woke up last. He'd drank a lot the night before and quickly dashed to the bathroom urgently needing to deal with the pressure in his lower abdomen. He heard the shower running and doubled over. Basil looked up from where he was sitting on the couch slowly eating his donut. "It's just Kel. You can go. I had to earlier."

Sunny nodded to Basil before opening the door, quickly announcing his presence to Kel. "Sorry! I can't wait."

Kel peaked his head out from behind the shower curtain. He hid back behind it trying to give Sunny a little privacy. "Don't be sorry! I don't mind. When you gotta go you gotta go!"

Sunny quickly pulled himself out and let out a quiet sigh of relief. He was a little embarrassed but Kel was ok with it so Sunny tried not to dwell on it to much.

He heard Kel laugh from behind the shower curtain as he was about halfway done going.

"Wow you really drank a lot last night didn't you?"

Sunny blushed and suddenly found himself freezing up. His stream tapered off abruptly. He hadn't quite finished but he was too tense to restart his stream. "Ummm.. I guess.."

Kel stilled hearing that. He knew Sunny froze. "Hey relax buddy. It's just me. Hero and I talk while peeing all the time. I didn't mean to make you uncomfortable. You'd better finish ok?"

Sunny tried to relax but was struggling. "Sorry I just kinda froze up. I'm trying to go but it's not working."

Kel sighed. "Pretend I'm not here and run the sink."

Sunny turned the sink on and tried to focus on the sound. He took a few deep breaths and managed to start going again. It took him a few seconds to finish. "I'm better now. Sorry, I've never frozen up like that before."

Kel smiled a little. "It happened to me when I was younger when I had to use a urinal the first few times. Hero was always great about it though and he'd either find me a stall or do that sink trick if I did have trouble."

Sunny smiled a little at that. "It's a good trick. Thanks. I'm feeling better now."

Kel gave him a thumbs up from behind the shower curtain. Sunny went back to the living room trying to make himself less nervous. It wasn't the first time he'd peed while Kel or Hero were showering but he wasn't used to talking while he went. It was harder to relax.

Basil offered Sunny a donut when he came back out into the living room and Sunny took it. He nibbled on the sweet confection somewhat glad to be eating empty calories for the first time in a while. Hero had really been watching his diet and having something light like a donut was much easier to get down than the breakfasts he was getting used to now. He knew that Hero would at least be pushing milk on him if Hero weren't still sleeping off his hangover.

Aubrey had eaten two donuts and was currently playing on her phone splayed awkwardly on the couch.

Kel got out of the shower awhile later. It was about two in the afternoon when Hero stumbled out of the bedroom rushing quickly to the bathroom. Kel got up alarmed that maybe his brother was sick.

Kel stood outside the bathroom door and knocked. "Is everything alright?"

Hero was quickly pulling himself out. "Yeah! Gotta pee!"

Kel shook his head and laughed a little. "Alright."

Kel stood outside the door to be safe relaxing a little when he heard water hitting water. He moved back to the couch and Hero came out a moment later.

Kel looked up. "You feeling alright?"

Hero nodded. "I had a headache earlier but I'm good now."

Kel smiled. "Good! Can we go hiking? There's this really cool trail! At the end overlooks the whole city and the ocean."

Kel turned his phone to show Hero the trail. Hero glanced at Sunny. "Are you feeling up for a hike? You're doing better but I don't want to push things."

Sunny laughed. "I'm ok. I think it'll be good to get outside."

Sunny was a little concerned about whether the place would have easily accessible toilets but was a little shy to ask.

Hero wasn't though. "Does this place have bathrooms? How long is the hike?"

Kel looked at his phone a little closer. "They should have porta potties at the trailhead. It's only a one and a half miles."

Hero looked at Sunny. "I'm ok as long as you drink enough water. I'll bring a backpack and pack some stuff for lunch ok?"

Sunny nodded.

Hero looked at him again. "Did you eat anything?"

Basil nodded. "He had breakfast don't worry!"

Hero eyed the donut box suspiciously but nodded. One bad breakfast wouldn't hurt Sunny. He ate without being prompted so Hero was satisfied. "You guys get ready I'll pack some stuff."

It took about 20 minutes for everyone to load up in the car. Hero was driving again and Kel was again putting sunscreen on Sunny much to the younger boy's dismay. Basil applied some to himself and was wearing his sunhat again. He was amused at how Kel wouldn't let Sunny apply his own.

Sunny had made sure to use the bathroom again before they left. Peeing outside made him really uncomfortable and he wanted to make sure he'd be able to wait just in case.

Kel hadn't gone but he wasn't usually nervous about going wherever if he needed to. Sunny figured he'd be alright. Hero might be a little upset if he used a tree though.

They pulled up to the trail head a few minutes later. Sunny looked around and didn't see the porta potties Kel mentioned. This made him a little nervous. No one else seemed concerned though. Sunny didn't need to go that bad yet but he had wanted to start the walk empty.

Hero handed Sunny and Basil a bottle of water. Sunny uncapped it and took a few sips.

Hero was drinking one too. He was satisfied after they'd all finished half a bottle and stored it back in his backpack. Kel finished the bottle before handing it back to Hero.

Hero smiled amused. "Thirsty?"

Kel nodded and gave a small laugh. "I think I'm still a little hungover."

Hero nodded. "If you want more help yourself I brought plenty."

After that they started walking the trail. Kel was right about it being very pretty. Sunny didn't have to go that bad yet but knowing there wasn't a bathroom at the trailhead made him nervous anyway. How Kel didn't need to go Sunny had no idea. He'd be bursting if he drank a whole bottle of water and didn't pee before leaving the cabin.

Kel wasn't showing any outward signs but he was starting to realize he definitely needed a bathroom. It was only a half hour walk each way and they probably wouldn't take very long getting lunch. They should be close to the end of the trail.

Kel looked at Sunny and Basil. They usually had to go before he needed to. They seemed alright. Hero might be more ok with letting him use a tree if they needed to also. Hero knew Kel could hold it. That didn't mean it wasn't uncomfortable though.

They got to the picnic spot about ten minutes later. It really was beautiful. Kel wondered how pretty it would be at sunset. He sat down and took his sandwich from Hero. He didn't want to rush anyone but his urge was starting to become really annoying.

Sunny took his sandwich and finished the other half of his water bottle after Hero gave him a look. He could still hold it but he was a little afraid he wouldn't be able to stay still soon. Basil seemed alright. Sunny didn't know why his bladder managed to fill up so fast. It had only been about and hour since he last went. Maybe it was that he was thinking about it so much.

Kel noticed Sunny was a bit fidgety and nudged Hero. Hero sighed. "Everything alright Sunny?"

Sunny looked up only just noticing how much he'd be bouncing his leg. "I kinda need to pee. I'm not sure I can wait til we get back.

Kel looked at Hero again. "Could we use a tree. You know he shouldn't be holding it. I need to go and I imagine Basil does too.

Basil shook his head. "I can wait. I don't really like going where people might be able to see."

Sunny didn't want to but he figured if he didn't use a tree it might make a mess of the car.

Hero sighed. "Go then. Just far enough away no one will accidentally see you alright?"

Kel was excited if it was just him Hero would have been upset and probably scolded him for not going at the cabin. He had a soft spot for Sunny though that Kel knew how to exploit.

Kel got up and led Sunny into the woods. Sunny got himself out quickly. Kel was just about to start his stream when he realized Sunny wasn't going.

His eyes were closed and he took a deep breath and nothing.

That was concerning. Kel had to pee still but didn't want to torture Sunny with it if the younger boy couldn't go. "Lock up again?"

Sunny sighed. "I dunno why it's happening all of a sudden. I really need to go. I just can't."

Kel tucked himself back in his pants. "We'd better hurry home then. If you can't wait anymore let me know and we can try again. Let's let Hero know."

Sunny blushed feeling stupid. He didn't wanna make a big deal out of it but it was gonna be a problem if he couldn't hold it. He wouldn't have finished his water bottle if he knew he would lock up like that.

They walked back a minute later bladders still uncomfortably full.

Hero looked up at Sunny. "Feel better?"

Kel put a hand on Sunny's shoulder. "He got a little shy and couldn't go. We should hurry home so we can use a toilet he's comfortable with."

Hero's eyes widened a little remembering Kel's pee shy phase. "Yeah, of course. Let's hurry then."

Everyone was keeping and eye on Sunny by then. Kel was absolutely bursting but didn't want to make Sunny have an accident by taking care of it. By the time they got back to the car Sunny was holding himself openly. The drive back was easily another 20 minutes. Kel nudged him. "Do you think maybe you could use a tree now? Maybe we should try."

Sunny shook his head tears springing to his eyes. "I can't wait and find out. If I try now I'll wet myself if I can't."

Kel nodded. Hero and Basil looked concerned Aubrey was already in the car. Kel was having his own emergency but didn't want Sunny to accidentally wet. "Let's go."

Kel got in the car and held himself as discreetly as he could manage. He hoped he could wait for Sunny to go when they got home but he was starting to question his capacity.

About 10 minutes into the drive Sunny started silently crying. Kel put the hand he wasn't using to hold it on the younger boy's shoulder. "Are you ok?"

Sunny shook his head. "I can't hold it it hurts."

Hero looked back at Kel through the rearview mirror. Kel looked back. "We need to pullover."

Hero frowned. "We're almost home."

Kel shook his head. "He said it hurts."

Hero bit his lip trying to make the best decision. "Does your back hurt?"

Sunny nodded.

Hero immediately pulled over and Sunny scrambled to get out before his bladder gave in. He couldn't even get his pants down. Luckily they were on a secluded road and no one was passing by. Kel felt a spurt slip out at the sound of Sunny's accident and got out too. He quickly pulled himself out and started going so he could at least keep his pants mostly dry. The relief was amazing but he found it hard to enjoy as Sunny was wetting himself and crying beside him. He was still holding himself like he was trying to hold it back. "Sunny! You're hurting yourself. Let go."

Sunny Hero stepped out of the car when he heard that shocked to see Kel peeing too. "Emergency Hero."

Hero just nodded and turned his attention to Sunny, much to Kel's relief. "I don't care about the seat Sunny let go."

Kel finished and tucked himself back in a moment later. There was already a lot of pee pooled under the car and Sunny wasn't done yet.

Kel turned his attention to Sunny as Hero pulled the younger boy's hands away. The floodgates finally burst and Sunny lost control. "Sorry, sorry, sorry, oh god."

Hero shook his head. "You need to go. It's ok quit trying to hold it."

Sunny nodded and took a few deep breaths. Basil was watching through the open car door and Aubrey was politely looking the other way.

It took a few minutes but The sound of Sunny's accident finally quieted. Replaced by quiet crying.

Hero finally let go of Sunny. "You aren't still holding anything right?"

Sunny closed his eyes and a little more pee trickled out before he nodded.

Hero went around to the truck and grabbed a towel and put it on the car seat. "Hey it's alright. Let's go home so you can get cleaned up."

Kel and Sunny got back in the car. Kel had a fairly decent sized wet spot and Sunny was completely soaked from the waist down. Basil tried not to look at it but couldn't help himself. He'd seen Sunny have accidents before but nothing like that. Kel never. He often neglected opportunities to use the bathroom but he could always wait long enough to at least keep his pants dry.

Kel rubbed Sunny's back as Hero got back on the road. "Feel better?"

Sunny took a shuddery breath but nodded. "Yeah."

*038*2022-01-03 21:52

{{On 12/31/2021 at 10:51 AM, Bobman23 said:

That was yet another amazing chapter

Poor sunny! He always keeps wetting himself! And this recent case was the worse one yet with all of these accidents happening to him? How will they every cheer him up

Perhaps Hero could share with sunny a story about a very certain girl that sunny once looked up to having an accident aswell?

A̶k̶a̶ I̶ a̶m̶ l̶i̶t̶e̶r̶a̶l̶l̶y̶ s̶t̶a̶r̶v̶i̶n̶g̶ f̶o̶r̶ M̶a̶r̶i̶ o̶m̶o̶r̶a̶s̶h̶i̶ t̶h̶e̶r̶e̶ i̶s̶ l̶i̶t̶e̶r̶a̶l̶l̶y̶ z̶e̶r̶o̶ s̶o̶r̶r̶y̶ i̶f̶ t̶h̶i̶s̶ s̶e̶e̶m̶s̶ l̶i̶k̶e̶ c̶o̶n̶t̶r̶o̶l̶l̶i̶n̶g̶ I̶’l̶l̶ j̶u̶s̶t̶ g̶o̶ n̶o̶w̶-̶)̶

}}

I like this idea. Might have to do something with it.

*042*2022-01-26 15:00

{{On 1/22/2022 at 10:23 AM, Stinky Pikachu said:

This one is by far my absolute favorite!!~ Probably the best omo story I've read haha, the cuteness is unmatched, and I love Basil so much that this chapter made me squeak by how adorable it is >w<

}}

That's such and amazing compliment! Thank you *blushes*

*044*2022-02-19 18:25

{{On 2/14/2022 at 1:32 PM, Varys said:

I know I don't comment on this but rest assured I check the first couple pages of the fiction section a few times a week to see if this has been updated. I love basically everything about this fic tbh.

}}

I do intend to continue writing this. Been busy lately >.< I have an idea for a Basil chapter. My momentum with it has dropped off though as I'm sure you've noticed.

