3-1-1 Helpline Frequent Flyer

Author: EnragedFilia

*000*2023-08-09 07:13

A quick story I came up with after being inspired by the very nice "030", with some slight variation on the themes.

###

"Thank you for calling 9-3-3 9-3-3," the general receptionist recited with her usual detached but dutifully sweet tone. "How may I direct your call?"

"~Hello~!" the caller's voice held a little musical lilt that made it quite a bit sweeter than that. "I think I'm going to need the 'potty emergency helpline'." She gave a quick giggle. "Um, right away. Thanks," she finished.

"The po- uh, the public urinary emergency helpline," the operator said, her tone faltering just a bit as she caught herself and gave the proper name. "Transferring you now."

"Hello," the helpline operator had a similar detached yet pleasant tone, just a bit more brusque than the other's. "Are you having a public urinary emergency?"

"I, um..." the caller seemed to hesitate, her voice trembling just slightly. "I think so." this time her little giggle sounded more bashful. "I really have to go to the bathroom. And, um-"

"Thank you," the operator interrupted gently. "Are you in immediate danger of a public urinary accident?"

"Oh, um, well," she hesitated again, a bit longer. "I guess not. I'm not about to wet myself right away or anything-"

"Within the next minute or so?" the gentle prompting had a perfunctory air to it.

"No, I don't think so. It's just, um, I don't know how much longer I can hold it. And there's a big line, so..."

This time the operator waited for the caller to trail off. "Ah, before we continue, I have to inform you now that all calls to the urinary assistance helpline may be monitored for compliance purposes." Her tone softened perceptibly as she finished the obligatory portion of the call. "Now, my name's Clara. Could you tell me about your situation?"

"Oh! I'm Kendra. And, um, like I said, it's a *potty emergency*." Kendra's voice got bashful when she said that, although this time Clara didn't correct her choice of words like her coworker had. "See, there's this huge line at the bathrooms, and I have to go *really* bad," she gave a little nervous giggle. "So, um, I really don't know if I can hold it."

"Hmm, alright," Clara took a moment to type before prompting, "now is there only the one bathroom? Or perhaps somewhere else you could go?"

"Oh, no, there's lots of bathrooms here. It's just, there's one line for all of them, and it's, like, really long." Kendra giggled nervously again. "I tried to look for something else, but there wasn't anything anywhere. Not even, um, you know... someplace private." She let out a little sigh. "I went back to the bus stop too, but the next one doesn't leave for almost an hour. And then by the time I got back the line was even longer, and I had to go even worse."

"Right, so now, um... I suppose you're at a party of some sort?" Clara ventured gently, "Is it at a private residence, then, or a public venue?"

"It's a concert. Like, an outdoor concert. At the venue, um... I think a bit north of town..."

"Yes, I know that one." Clara's voice seemed sympathetic, with a subtle hint of disappointment. "We get calls from that place whenever there's an event. It's, uh, a bit of a hotspot."

"I can imagine!" now Kendra sounded sympathetic. "I mean, when we got here it looked like there were plenty of bathrooms. But, well, I guess once the show gets started nobody wants to get up and miss any of it, so then when the show was over everyone ended up trying to use them all at once... She sighed, but instead of trailing off again she continued, "At this rate, it might just turn into, um, a bit of a *wet spot*." She giggled at that, having stumbled upon another popular but not quite proper choice of words, which turned into a brief fit of nervous giggling. Then she stopped and gasped again, sharply, "Oh my goodness! I gotta go so bad!"

"Right, uh, we should continue," Clara said hurriedly, moving on to the next question. "Now, as best you can remember, how long has it been since you used the bathroom."

"Well, it was this morning. So I guess, uh, how many hours is that..."

"At least twelve hours?" Clara prompted.

"Oh, yeah, even more I think. Let's see, it was right before I left, and then I stopped for coffee on the way to work-"

"Alright, well, anything more than twelve hours is plenty. Now um, that was at home, I take it?"

"Uh-huh, before I left for work. I always try to only go to the bathroom at home. I guess sometimes if I'm running a little late I'll wait and use the one at the coffee place, since they have a deal where if you get a large or extra large they'll give you a free pass, except the bathrooms are shared with the two other places in the building so-"

"Right. So then, uh," Clara interrupted as Kendra started to get off track a little, "I guess you've had plenty to drink too." She gave a little chuckle, which maybe didn't sound quite as relaxed as she was going for.

"Oh, for sure. First the coffee- uh, it was a large today, and I drank most of it on the bus. Then at work after I finished it I had a watermelon smoothie. See, we're on our feet all day so we get free drinks from the juice bar as sort of a perk, which is nice," Kendra's tone seemed to be shifting as she spoke growing more nervous by the second, and she was already getting off track again. "Only two per shift, though. Oh, and nothing extra-large because sometimes we get collectible cups and they said last year there was someone who tried hoarding them to cash in-"

"Yes, okay," Clara interrupted her again. "Now um, did you go back home after that?" she asked gently, approaching the next question from a slightly subtler angle.

"Oh, no, after work I met up with my friend and we had something to eat before the concert. I didn't want to have to go home to get changed so I just put my dress on in the break room. That way there was plenty of time to catch the bus too so I got a berry iced tea while we were waiting, since it was getting pretty warm."

"Uh-huh. Now um, when you went to eat," Clara's tone shifted as she asked more directly, "there would have been a bathroom at the restaurant, right?"

"Oh right," Kendra seemed to realize the purpose of the question. "so what happened was a couple of us went to get the order and we all met up at the park, to have sort of a picnic. I was sorta around for a bathroom when we got to the park, because I was already starting to have to go." That last bit was said in a slight conspiratorial lilt and followed by a little giggle, which was cut short by a little gasp. After a moment she went on, "Well, um, I guess I kinda had to go before that. I maybe could have gone to the bathroom while we were waiting for the bus. But the bathrooms at work are for customers, and they can get kinda crowded. And by the time I got changed my friend was there, and we weren't exactly sure if the bus was coming soon."

"Hmm, I see," Clara paused briefly to type that bit up. "Thank you for being honest. I'm sure you know it doesn't help your case that you had a chance to p- to get relief," she caught herself at the last moment and switched to proper terminology, continuing quickly to cover the slight lapse, "before it became an emergency. Under the circumstances it does seem understandable, however, and-"

"I know, I really should have gone to the bathroom when I had a chance," the nervousness in Kendra's voice was just tipping over to distress. "And believe me, if I had any idea it was going to end up like this I totally would have!" She gasped again, then whimpered for just a moment. "I gotta go so, so bad!"

"Yes, I believe you," Clara went on quickly. "And I've reached a preliminary conclusion that you're having a genuine urinary emergency." As usual, she made sure to say it with a sympathetic tone and a little hopeful note. "Now there's just a couple last questions left. Um, but if you feel like you're in danger of having an accident in the next minute, please say so immediately."

"Okay. Thank you," Kendra squeaked, her voice quivering with distress that seemed to wash right over the gratitude. "I think I'm still okay for now. I just- I really don't know how long I can keep holding it..."

"Right. I'll try to hurry. Uh, first, if you have your receipt I'll need to see that. Just to confirm the conclusion, that is."

"My receipt... from the restaurant?"

"No, your bathroom receipt, I mean. If it's a newer one there should be a QR code you can use, or if it's an older one with just the barcode you'll need to take a picture of it."

"Oh right. Um, I've been using the app. Does that work?"

"Yes of course. That's even better, really. Here," she paused for a moment, "I'll just send you a notification."

"Okay," Kendra paused as well, and her voice was slightly muffled as she went on, "so I guess I just tap this..."

"Yes. I've got it," the smile was right there in Clara's voice. "Let's see here... at home, fourteen hours ago." That with a slight hint of admiration. "Just like you mentioned. And the volume... oh. Wow..." She trailed off before she could read out the number itself.

"Hmm? What is it?" Kendra's distress was joined by a bit of confusion.

"Oh, no. It, uh, it's fine." Clara gave a quite nervous chuckle and moved on hurriedly. "Now the drinks, um... I see the large coffee from this morning. Then the smoothie and the tea."

"Right. That's right, there's that integration feature on the app now."

"Yes, it's pretty new. If those two were fountain drinks it won't show the sizes. And it looks like there's nothing after that either, I guess since you didn't place the order."

"My friend picked it up for us, like I said. And then at the concert the first drink was included with our tickets."

Clara sighed. "We keep telling them not to do things like that. It's a strategy to sell more drinks, but the bathroom situation there is barely adequate under normal circumstances, and any extra drinks just make the wet- uh, the hotspot- that much worse." She caught herself quickly.

"Hmm. Mm-hmm..." Kendra definitely didn't sound like she noticed that little slip, and for that matter sounded like she might even be too distracted to really notice any of what Clara was saying.

"Um, right. Anyway," Clara said even more hurriedly, "with all this, I think I can confirm you are definitely having a genuine urinary emergency." That with a distinct encouraging tone, even though it sounded a bit incongruent. "That means I can now authorize emergency measures."

"Mmm, t-thanks." The distress and tension had completely overtaken Kendra's voice.

"So, first of all, do you have a P-T?- er, that is, a portable toilet or similar receptacle?" She remained brightly hopeful.

"Oh. N-no, I- mmph!" Kendra paused for a moment and made a sort of tremulous whining sound. "I mean, I never really keep something like that around. I've been, you know, thinking about it..."

"Well, we do really recommend getting one." Clara sounded entirely unsurprised and her response perfunctory. "But for now, I can also authorize use of an improvised receptacle. Is there anything else there you can use? A bottle, maybe, or just a largeish can?"

"A, um..." Kendra trailed off with a little moan, then another, longer and slightly higher-pitched. "I, uh, don't think so. None of the beer was in cans or bottles or anything." She paused, gave another quick whimper, then went on more rapidly, "I guess I maybe shouldn't have had quite so much beer after all. I mean, the first one was free, and I thought just one wouldn't be a big deal, and the bathrooms were right there, just in case... but then Lydia said she didn't want the rest of hers so I finished it for her, and then Meredith said the same thing. But still, I really should have known better, since..." she moaned again, a high and rising note that somehow seemed just a bit like a warning siren. "Well... beer *always* goes *right* through me." she squeaked.

"Yes, that's, uh..." Clara's encouraging tone was rapidly disappearing. "It can have a bit of a diuretic effect."

"A what?... Then that means..." Kendra's strained voice was becoming more strained by the second. "Oh no." A soft gasp, then, "Oh no!"

"I know. And, um, so can watermelon, for that matter. Anyway, if there's anything there you can use, you have authorization. So just... uh..." Clara trailed off.

Kendra didn't even seem to hear it. "That must be why it keeps getting worse!" She gasped again, much more sharply. "If the line doesn't start moving, I... I... I might just..."

"I'm really sorry," Clara's voice was just as honestly sympathetic as before, although distinctly less hopeful. "Even in an emergency, I can't authorize you to cut in line. Since, you see, someone else in front of you might be having a potty emergency too." This time she didn't even catch her own terminology slip-up.

"Oh, of course, I understand. A-and I couldn't possibly do that to someone anyway," she added emphatically. "I guess, um, I'll just... have to hold it." She followed that with a tiny nervous giggle, which immediately turned into a tiny startled squeak and another whimper.

"Right. Well then, um..." Clara's voice got a little lower and more serious. "I'm afraid that no matter what the circumstances, we simply can't ever authorize *voluntary* public urination." She emphasized that word slightly, just enough to be picked up by someone who might not expect it.

"Yes. I know. And I promise I'll keep holding it- mmph!" Kendra let out a sharp squeal and took a couple more gasping breaths, then continued in an even more tremulous voice, "A-as long as I can..."

"Of course. And, uh, good luck with that." Clara still sounded just as serious. "Whatever happens, however, please try not to do anything that could be seen as evidence of a violation. Although it might be deemed understandable under these circumstances, even just pulling down your panties before... well, beforehand.. can sometimes raise suspicion."

"Hmm? Oh, no, that won't be a problem. Th-thanks for your- *mmph* h-help."

"Yes. Again, I'm sorry I couldn't do anything else."

###

> She's certainly a sympathetic caller

>> yes, very sympathetic

>> she's like that every time

> And how many times did you say that is now?

>> that one was the 17th call we've identified

> The helpline hasn't even been going for a year! So that means, what, every couple weeks or something

>> no, we've only identified her calls from the last couple months

>> mostly from her voice

> Oh wow, no wonder then. That's like once every three days

>> she uses different names too

>> it'd be easier if the app kept identifying information, but of course that would violate privacy stuff

> I guess with that many calls you must be pretty sure about it

>> it's not just the number of calls either

>> every one is pretty much like that

> Huh? Oh, you mean how she was acting about it, like she's never had a potty emergency before?

>> that's kinda obvious too, but I mean the situation she got herself into.

> Right. Yeah, it was pretty extreme.

> After a whole day without a bathroom visit and a whole lot to drink, she goes to a big crowded event where there's even more to drink and not quite enough bathrooms, so she ends up in a big line along with everyone else.

> It's just about the perfect recipe for having an emergency.

>> and Clara authorized the emergency as soon as she heard all that

> Okay, so I guess the idea here is that she arranged everything just like that on purpose, probably to get an emergency authorization so she wouldn't have to pay for a public bathroom.

>> well, that and to prove she can 'beat the system' or whatever

> That kinda makes more sense. And if she knows about it, she might even be intentionally recreating the 'movie theater incident'.

>> exactly, it's the one every operator knows about

>> she doesn't always use big events or anything, and she isn't always waiting in a line, but yeah

> Well, whatever her exact reasons are, it looks like we can be pretty sure of one thing

> we've found our frequent flyer.

*005*2023-08-10 06:21

{{26 minutes ago, warham1995 said:

What is a frequent flyer

}}

In the real world it's used in hospitals sometimes to refer to someone who visits too frequently, usually with an unkind implicit accusation as to why. So at the helpline they're using it very similarly, for someone who has way too many emergencies and might be doing it on purpose.

