Omorashi novel

Author: Elfi

*000*2017-01-02 14:17

My new year's resolution for 2017 has been to write an omorashi novel, so I've started with a short introduction chapter :) I was thinking to do something along the line of a "high school novel" (like the Sweet Valley High books or something) but involving a lot of desperation and wetting during a senior year. The idea is that the main protagonists will be twin girls with a sort of genetic bond that causes their bladders to synchronize, so to say. A challenge for me is that the girls are black, and I'm as white as they get, so I'm going to try to get the characters down as good as possible ;)

Well, here's the introduction, feel free to give me feedback about it, but be nice ^^

Tamara took a long look at the showerhead above, letting the cleansing water flow over her shoulders. She had just moved to Goldbridge with her family, and all the way over here, the prospect of rinsing off the accumulated dust of the trip had kept her going. Tamara looked down at her creamy brown skin as she let the warm water flow over her hair, in its current -drenched- state quite slender, but normally untamable curly. With a sponge she got from a cardboard box labeled "bathroom supplies" just seconds before getting into the shower, she softly rubbed her firm yet subtle bosom - its size being something of a personal disappointment for the now eighteen-year-old girl. After circling the blackened aerola surrounding her nipples a couple of times, she pushed her breasts aside absent-mindedly and washed the crease beneath them.

Next, she descended along her slight potbelly on to the black, curly bush beneath her legs, squeezing the sponge there so the shower gel would be spread near-evenly in those hard to reach places. Tamara hadn't been this relaxed since they left the house she had always called home, now she had closed her eyes and pretended she was somewhere else entirely. The world around her disappeared for just a moment as she squeezed the sponge softly against her cheek. The soap smell combined with her vaginal odor formed an almost familiar scent, like for just a moment she felt home again.

Tamara looked down at her feet in the small, mildew-infested shower cabin once more, and only now noticed that she was apparently so relaxed she had just started peeing. She certainly wasn’t in the habit of urinating anywhere but on the toilet, and she hadn't even noticed she had to go -though the shower's running water would have that effect on anyone's bladder- but now, a slightly curved stream originated between her legs and splashed down into the shower water, its yellow color blending softly with the soapy bubbles surrounding it. Normally, Tamara would consider it quite nasty to pee in the shower, but right now, she just didn't care, as she closed her eyes once more and sighed deeply.

Tamara was so relaxed, in fact, that she had completely forgotten about her twin sister Kimberly. Just like many other identical twins, Tamara and Kimberly shared an uncanny empathic bond. Only, in their case, it was their bodily functions that seemed affected by this; simply put, when one needed to pee, the other would feel the need as well. And when one of them was in the midst of urinating, like Tamara was doing right now, it was a safe bet that the other was really desperate to go as well. So while Tamara was relieving herself in the shower, her sister stood on the other end of the bathroom door, hopping from one foot to the other, grabbing the crotch of her jeggings with one hand frantically. Kimberly put one foot right on top of the other as she half-crossed her knees, her pastel pink socks stained grey at the soles after walking around for a while in this dusty old house. With her free hand, she knocked on the bathroom door three times as she softly bit her lip.

"Tam?", Kimberly asked, slightly whining, "what are you doing in there?", but Tamara couldn’t hear her pleas over the loud, running shower. Kimberly kept on jiggling the door handle though, hoping to get in - but eventually getting down on one knee in front of it, pushing her heel tightly against her crotch to keep the bough from breaking.

“Tamara, let me in, I mean it!”, she begged with tears in her eyes, “I can’t… I’m going to…” but then the sound of her voice was reduced to a shrill whimper as she felt control of her pelvic muscle slip away. Kimberly tightened her grip between her legs and even pressed herself closer down onto her heel, but neither could prevent the warm flood from flowing into her panties, drenching her jeggings, and even running swiftly over her dust-stained sock. While Tamara was in the bathroom, shaking off the last few drops that were clinging to her pubic hair, her sister was outside that very door, totally wetting her pants.

Kimberly just sat there, trembling, tears running down her cheeks. She just couldn’t help herself; she was peeing like a race horse, for in a matter of a few seconds, her bladder was emptied, leaving a huge wet patch on the old, dusty rug beneath her. As Kimberly tried to get up again, disgusted by the damp feeling between and down one of her legs, even having trouble to stand on the one foot with the drenched sock, she heard her little brother Tyler laughing from down the hall. His words “mom! Kim wet her pants again!” just added insult to injury, as the only things that could be heard after that were her soggy footsteps and desperate sobs as Kimberly ran off to her new room, with no one but herself to give her comfort.

*008*2017-01-03 10:19

Thanks a lot guys! I've started working on chapter 1 right away :)

*013*2017-03-19 00:57

I know, I'm a bit slow, but I've got a plan to get this somewhere ;) just call me the George RR Martin of omorashi novels, lol! ^^

*015*2017-03-28 08:48

In the game of omorashi, you win or you wet yourself ;p

