Deleted Scenes from a Horror Movie

Author: exeloro

*000*2026-02-21 02:58

ONE.

Alexis pinched her thighs together and bit her lower lip. Her heel tapped anxiously as she let out small pained groan.

”Ugh. How much longer? I’m seriously about to pee myself.”

At the driver’s seat, Derek chuckled. This was typical Alexis behavior.

“Maybe a few more miles till the highway. Don’t worry babe, you can make it.”

”I seriously doubt that. I’m literally bursting,” Alexis whined.

That pothole that their car hit earlier nearly spelled disaster for Alexis and her jeans. A major wave shuddered her whole body and she was this close to pissing herself.

This is what she gets for drinking that big gulp on top of her venti iced coffee. It wasn’t her fault. She was bored and Derek was focusing on the road.

Alexis fought off another bladder spasm. There was definitely a small leak with that one.

”Babe! Oh shit, I’m literally about to pee. Ugh I can’t wait!”

Alexis squirmed in her seat, bouncing and fidgeting. Eyes shut tight and hands unashamedly holding her crotch. It definitely didn’t help that it’s been raining this whole time. The pitter patter of rain drops against the windows had been brutal to her bladder.

Derek secretly loved it when Alexis got desperate to pee. She looked so cute dancing by around like that. Only she could make needing to pee look so sexy. But he felt bad for her current predicament. Especially since it was his decision to leave the traffic jammed high way and take the back roads as a short cut.

Now they were driving through dark country roads and hadn’t seen another car since.

“I have to pee! I have to peeeeeee…” Alexis said in a sing-song voice. “It’s coming outttttt….”

“I can always pull over and you can squat outside,” Derek joked.

“Ew! Hell no. I’m gonna get eaten by a wolf or something if it out there,”

”I don’t think that’s how it works, babe,” Derek said.

”Mmmmm just find me a bathroom please. Ughhhh I can’t hold it anymore!” Alexis moaned.

As if on cue, Derek saw the glow of lights up ahead. As they got closer, he realized it was a truck rest stop. Complete with large parking area and gas station.

”Oh hallelujah! My panties get to stay dry!” Alexis leaned forward, now excited for sweet release. Her bladder spammed even more.

Derek pulled their car into the parking lot. It was mostly empty, save for a couple of big rigs by the outer edge. The rest of the place seemed deserted.

As Derek pulled into a parking spot in front of the main building, Alexis nearly jumped out of her seat.

”Hurry, hurry, hurry…!”

Alexis opened the door and ran out of the car before Derek can even fully stop. She wasted no time making a beeline towards the ladies restrooms.

“Hey, be careful!” Derek called after her.

”Fuck off! I gotta pee!”

Derek shut the engine off. He stepped out of the car as Alexis disappeared into the bathrooms. The vending machines off to the side caught his eye. He could use a snack.

Alexis bounced in place, her legs twisted like a pretzel as she swung the door open to the ladies room. She’s never had to piss so badly in her life. But she was nearly at the finish line. The toilet was only a few feet away.

The bathroom had several stalls lined up against the wall. The paint was fading on all the doors. The flaiurescent lights were too bright, and the walls looked grimy.

But Alexis didn’t care that the bathroom was gross. She was ready to burst.

She was already unbuckling her belt as she rushed into one of the middle stalls. She slammed it shut and quickly locked the door. She was seconds away from having an accident.

As soon as her belt was loose, Alexis tore down her jeans and panties all the way down below her knees, away from the splash zone.

She slammed her butt down on the cold seat just as hours worth of pee shot out of her and into the bowl.

”Holy fuckkkkkk….” Alexis gasped as she finally relieved herself. Her piss stream hiss loudly and splashed the toilet water with such force that she felt it splash the underside of her thighs.

The relief was so great she could’ve cried.

“Ahhhhhhhhhh!” She let out a sigh which echoed off the walls of that dingy bathroom.

“Really didn’t think I was gonna make it,” she said out loud. She continued to pee for what seemed like several minutes. Seriously one of the best pisses she’s ever done. Nothing even comes close.

The door to the bathroom creaked open. Interrupting Alexis’ blissful reverie.

”Derek? That you? Babe, I was seriously this close to peeing my pants,” Alexis chuckled. Her desperation seemed so silly now.

But no one answered. Immediately Alexis was on guard. She heard footsteps. Heading deeper into the bathroom. Closer to her stall.

”Dude, it’s not funny. Can’t a girl just pee in peace?” Alexis said. Her laugh came out nervous.

Still no answer.

Her heart now beating fast, Alexis leaned down and peeked under the stall.

A pair of combat boots stood over by the door. Three stalls away. Most definitely not the sneakers Derek was wearing today.

Panic seized Alexis. The shoes looked like they belonged to a man. And now those boots were stepping closer to her ever so slowly.

”Hey! Whoever you are, get out! You’re not supposed to be in here!”

Alexis tried to put on her toughest voice, but that was a little hard to do when she was sitting on the toilet with her pants down.

The boots were now almost upon her stall. Alexis shrank into herself, making herself smaller where she sat on the toilet. She hadn’t even realized that her pee stream had seized up, even though her bladder was still half full.

A primal fear shook across her whole body.

Alexis nearly screamed, but at the last second, the boots turned around and marched out of the bathroom with heavy footfalls.

Still terrified, Alexis didn’t dare move, nor breathe. She looked under the stall once again. The scary boots were gone. She was once again alone.

A few more minutes passed, and when she was finally sure she was alone again, Alexis finally breathed a sigh of relief.

Below her, piss once again tinkled into the toilet. Emptying out the rest of the liquids she was holding.

Heart still beating fast, Alexis tore off some toilet paper, quickly wiped, pulled her jeans back up and ran out of that bathroom without even washing her hands.

As she emerged from the bathroom, she ran straight into Derek!

”Ahhhh! What the fuck!” Alexis screamed. If she hadn’t just peed, she definitely would’ve wet herself then.

”Babe! What’s wrong! Are you okay?”

Alexis got her breathing under control. Derek was genuinely concerned.

”What happened?” He asked.

”Let’s just get the fuck out of here,” Alexis said.

Derek didn’t have to be told twice. They hurried over to the car and locked all the doors once they got in. Derek and Alexis sped out of that creepy rest stop, back into the night.

Unbeknownst to them, the Trucker watched them from the cab of his rig. He also started up his own big engine. His combat boots tapped to the beat of the country song playing on the radio.

The girl in the bathroom was interesting. He could tell she was a tough one. Her perfume reminded him of a lost memory.

As the Trucker swung his big rig out into the road to follow them, he relished the feeling of having new prey.

His hunt was about to begin.

*001*2026-02-21 05:09

TWO.

Claire scrambled up the stairs, bruising her legs on the wood as she stumbled. That didn’t matter. The only thing in her mind at that moment was to survive.

As she reached the second floor, she stumbled into the guest bedroom and shut the door behind her. She latched the lock.

Her heart was leaping out of her chest and her mouth tasted of copper. She felt like she’s been running for miles, but in reality, she’s just been careening through her house, desperately trying to escape the Masked Man.

The door to the bedroom shook. He was here. One the other side of that door.

Claire scrambled backwards on the carpet. She just now realized that she had cornered herself.

WHAM! An axe blade penetrated the thin wood. Splinters flew into the room.

WHAM! WHAM! He was trying to get in. It was only a matter of time.

Hyperventilating, fighting back tears, Claire forced herself to get up. She hurried into the bathroom, locked the door, and emerged out the other side where it connected to another bedroom.

Thinking quickly, she opened the door to the hallway, where she could hear the Masked Man still tearing the door down in the next room. She carefully opened the door to the attic, making it looked like she escaped up there. The Masked Man was still distracted by the locked door and had not seen her.

Claire then retreated back into the second bedroom and hid in the closet.

Inside, she was surrounded by boxes and stacks of unused old clothes. She shrank herself as small as she could as she huddled close to the floor.

Her whole body shuddered as she covered her mouth tight to keep herself from screaming.

She felt fear like she never felt her entire life. She forced herself to calm down, because now she realized that the axe swings on the door had stopped. She couldn’t hear him anymore.

Claire strained to hear. She picked up on the faint creaking of the floor. Soft footsteps. The Masked Man was in the next room. Looking for her.

Claire’s whole body shuddered. It was at that moment that she became aware of the fullness of her bladder.

The evening started out so peacefully. She was home from college for the holidays, and had the big house to herself. Her brother was hanging out with friends and her parents had a stage play to go to.

She spent most of the night in front of the TV, wearing comfy pajamas, eating popcorn and drinking tons of soda. She was watching a rerun of some housewives show when the alert came on the TV. It warned of a crazed masked man terrorizing the side of town where her neighborhood was. There were already four victims across two different households. And the last house was right down the block from her.

Claire couldn’t believe it. Her neighborhood was known for being the safest. She never thought it would actually happen to her.

The stress of the situation made her aware of how much she had to pee. She hadn’t gone to the bathroom since after lunch time, and she was seriously bursting.

She made up her mind to finally visit the toilet, but first she went to the front door to make sure all the locks were fastened.

Thats when she heard the back door shatter.

The Masked Man had broken in, wielding his axe. Fight or Flight took over and Claire just ran. The Masked Man chased her all throughout the house, wrecking furniture and swinging his blade at her.

Claire made her way upstairs and now she found herself hiding in the closet, her terror threatening to burst her bladder any second.

The door creaked. The Masked Man was in the room. His axe held my his side. He looked tall and soulless.

Claire stifled her breathing. Not daring to make a sound. She squeezed her legs together. She had to pee so badly.

She was up against the back wall, watching through the slits of the closet door as the Masked Man walked around the room, clearly searching for her. His prey.

Claire hyperventilated. Her body felt weak. She couldn’t take it anymore. It was taking so much effort not to scream.

The Masked Man turned towards the closet. Claire felt herself stop breathing. And she also felt her bladder release.

Warm pee cascaded out of her, completely soaking her panties and pajama bottoms. A soft hiss accompanied it. Claire shut her eyes and tried to stop the flow with her hands, but it was no use. There was no stopping it now. She could only hope that the Masked Man hadn’t heard her having an accident.

Her fearful pee ran down her legs like a river, pooling around her bare feet on the hardwood floor.

The Masked Man doesn’t seem to notice her quivering in the closet. But now her puddle of pee was trickling across the floor and out of the closet door!

Claire prayed that the Masked Man wouldn’t notice. She watched in horror as a rivulet of pee made its way across the floor and dangerously close to where he stood.

There was nothing she could do. If he saw it, he’d know exactly where she was.

Somehow, her pee went undetected. It felt like she let go of gallons of fluids, but she was finally done.

Claire’s hand found her dad’s set of golf clubs shoved deep in the closet. She grabbed his favorite nine iron.

The Masked Man got closer to the closet. He must know that she was hiding in there.

Claire held her breath, raised the golf club high.

As the Masked Man pulled the closet door open, Claire came out swinging.

Most of her hits connected, and she could hear the man grunt in pain under the mask. She kept hitting him until he fell backwards. Maybe because he tripped on something. Maybe because he slipped on her pee puddle.

As he fell into a heap, Claire made a run for it. Out into the hallway, down the stairs, and out the front door.

She didn’t dare look back. She ran down the street as far as her bare feet could go. Her pajama bottoms were soaked and glistening in the night, but at least she was free from danger.

For now.

*002*2026-02-21 20:52

THREE.

Bianca adjusted her Chanel sunglasses. Laying back on her lounge chair, she relaxed and let her tanned, fit body soak up the Cancun sun.

The weather was just right, and the ocean waves nearby lulled her towards sleep. Instead, she took another sip of her margarita. Her third so far. Along with the mimosa she had with breakfast this morning, she was definitely feeling the buzz.

She felt at peace. The only thing that would make this moment even better is if her husband, Brenner, was by her side. Her drink was running low and she wanted him to buy her another one. It was his credit card that was paying for this whole vacation.

Brenner was probably off somewhere taking another business call. Or flirting with some waitress. Either way, Bianca was annoyed.

She wasn't hiding the fact that she was mainly with him for his money. He was fifteen years older than her, and they met on a website that not many people would approve of. But Bianca has gone through enough hardships and hustling out on the street to be coy about having a sugar daddy. It made Brenner happy to buy her all the gifts. And it made Bianca even happier to accept them and get spoiled.

They had been together for over a year, and this trip to Cancun is their first real vacation together. At first, Bianca scoffed at the idea. They're not college students going on spring break. Why couldn't they go skiing in the Swiss Alps, or go to Japan?

But the resort that Brenner booked was really nice, and after a day of experiencing all the amenities, Bianca was convinced. She did love the beach. She grew up in the city and didn't have many opportunities to experience the sun and her toes in the white sands.

She sighed and tried to relax, enjoying the background noise of beach goers and seagulls in the sky.

However, something bothered her. A feeling of tightness in her lower abdomen. A familiar and annoying sensation from within her bladder.

She needed to pee.

This feeling had been building within her for the past hour. Bianca had been able to ignore it, but it was getting to the point where she couldn't any longer. On top of all the alcohol she's drank, she was also drinking constantly from her water bottle. The sun was particularly hot that day and she didn't want to get dehydrated.

Bianca dreaded when she finally had to use the bathroom. They were in a remote beach on the edge of the peninsula, and the only bathrooms were by the main entrance. Nearly a half a mile away.

Of course, Bianca could easily just go into the ocean and relieve herself there, but there was also an obstacle there. On the day that Bianca and Brenner arrived at their resort, the place was full of police and search and rescue. Apparently, a couple had gone missing from the nearby beach a few days ago. Their remains were found that morning, mauled by the shoreline. They were the third in a series of attacks that have been going on up and down the coast. At first, the authorities were looking for a potential suspect, but locals have claimed that they have seen glimpses of a ferocious beast swimming in the gulf waters, stalking and searching for its next prey. Experts have ruled out sharks since the time of year isn't right. But those who have seen it claim it's no shark. It's something worse.

Bianca was a little creeped out but didn't let the stress of that get in the way of her vacation. Still, it gave her second thoughts of going into the water. Looking around, most of the people on the beach stayed in the sand. Only a few brave souls were in the water.

She let another hour pass, shifting in her chair, holding in her growing need to pee. It became really uncomfortable and it was getting in the way of her relaxation time.

Briefly, she considered just letting go and pissing in the sand, right through her chair. Her skimpy Gucci bikini was black and would survive it. She thought better of it, seeing as there was a family set up right next to her. And another young couple off to her left. Too many witnesses.

As she took another swig of water, she felt pee drip out of her. That was it. Her bladder was officially filled to the brim.

Brenner was still nowhere to be seen, so Bianca made up her mind. She was just gonna go pee in the ocean before she had a full accident.

Bianca stood, letting her sarong fall off her tall, slender figure. Her bikini barely covered her body, but she went to the gym for times a week to maintain this shape. Of course she was going to show it off as much as she could.

She walked across the hot sand, careful not to let any more leaks out. This was no big deal. She's peed in the ocean before. But the thought of the mysterious creature in the water remained present in the back of her mind.

She nearly lost control when her feet touched the water. It was colder than she was expecting. She gasped and held her crotch tight. Then quickly let go when she realized the whole beach could see her.

Bianca concentrated and clamped her pee hole shut as she waded deeper into the ocean, away from any prying eyes that could be watching her. She was careful not to get her perfectly wavy long brown hair wet. That was too much effort to style that morning.

When the water was up to her chest, she felt safe enough to do what she came to do.

With a deep breath, Bianca relaxed and gave in to the urge. Immediately, she felt her pent-up pee squirt out of her. It hissed through her bikini and into the ocean, warming the waters around her waist. She felt an intense wave of relief as she continued to piss.

"Haaahhhhhhh....." Bianca exhaled in utter bliss. She hadn't peed this hard in a long time.

She'd been holding it for so long that her pee went on for nearly a minute straight. Bianca had to move around the water to spread it out better. Pissing in the ocean was definitely a weird sensation, but it felt so good to feel it all coming out.

"Hohhh man, that was one too many margaritas," Bianca said as she chuckled to herself. She felt her pee stream finally weaken. She pushed and let the last few spurts out, and she was finally done.

Bianca smiled, feeling satisfied and a little devious that she had peed in the water. No one on the beach could tell that the tall woman that looked like a swimsuit model just had the biggest pee of her life.

As she turned around to return to shore, a scream caught her attention. Someone on land was shouting, and several people were running across the sand. Bianca could make out one of them screaming in Spanish. They were saying "Get out of the water!"

Panicked, Bianca turned to where some of them were pointing to. To her horror, she saw the water turn red a few hundred feet away from her. It's where two guys were on a rubber raft only minutes before. Now they were gone. Instead, something else was in the water, rapidly swimming through the red and viscera.

Her heart jumped up to her throat. She was frozen in place. Panic had seized her. She felt like she couldn't move. The beach felt miles away now.

Bianca could hear people screaming on the shore. She swore she could hear Brenner too.

And then she saw it. The beast. The thing that the people have been claiming was attacking those people up and down the coast.

It was no shark. It was bigger and more grotesque. It looked prehistoric. It looked hungry.

And it was heading straight for her.

*003*2026-02-22 03:51

FOUR.

Katelyn felt a tug on her sleeve. Her immediate reaction was to assume it was a ghost and to scream really loud. But her logical brain took over and gave her a more reasonable answer.

”What is it? You good?” she asked Tracy. She was huddled close behind her. Their flashlights the only thing providing any light as their group slowly made their way down the hallway.

Tracy leaned in close to Katelyn’s ear so no one else in the group could hear her.

”I really have to pee.”

”You can’t hold it?” Katelyn whispered back.

Tracy shook her head. She’d been quiet since they arrived at the asylum. Katelyn couldn’t blame her. It was Katelyn’s idea that they join this particular urban exploration. Their friend Caleb was an avid urban explorer with his own YouTube channel with a modest following. Katelyn and Tracy have tagged along a few times before. But those were abandoned schools and condemned malls in broad daylight.

Caleb had something special planned for that night since it was Halloween. Caleb and his crew were gonna take on the abandoned Spring Hills Sanatorium for an all night exploration. Supposedly it was the most haunted location in the entire northeast. There’s no end to the stories of ghost sightings and frightening encounters within those hallowed walls. But perhaps even more terrifying was what transpired in Spring Hills when it was still operational.

Patients were allegedly subjected to the most heinous experiments and neglect, leading to endless lawsuits and its eventual shuttering.

Stories started to surface of things far more sinister than just ghosts haunting those abandoned halls. The most egregious example being the forgotten, deformed experiment subjects of the facility’s head doctor. Still roaming the place to this day.

Perfect for Caleb and his subscribers. They had all arrived at dusk. It was Caleb, his best friend Johnny, and their two friend Lexa and Brian. Katelyn had volunteered to join because she was feeling adventurous. Her roommate Tracy went because she had a huge crush on Johnny. But Tracy immediately regretted her decision to join once they arrived. The abandoned building stood four stories high. An imposing, ghostly block atop a hill. Tracy was convinced they’d actually see ghosts that night.

Katelyn thought it was all BS. Every supposed haunted asylum had stories like that. She was more concerned about running into squatters and unhoused drug addicts as they roamed the place.

They were on the third floor when a quivering Tracy made her need for the toilet known to Katelyn.

”How bad is it?” Katelyn asked.

”Like really bad. It’s been like two hours and I drank a lot on the way here,” Tracy said. The desperation was clear in her voice.

Their group traverse down a dark hallway in a tight formation. Flashlight beams pointing every which way. So far Katelyn had been unimpressed. All she saw were rundown hallways and possibly lots of mold and rotting damage. No ghosts.

She could sense Tracy’s breathing get quicker. That was usually a sign that she’d need to pee real soon. She’d seen it before whenever they’d went out to the bars right outside of the university campus. Tracy always had a tell.

”Hey, guys. Tracy and I are gonna double back and head for the entrance,” Katelyn said to the group. She remembered seeing bathrooms in the large lobby when they first came in.

At the head of the group, Caleb turned his flashlight beam to them.

”Everything okay?” he asked.

”Yeah, just… things are getting a little to intense. We’re gonna get some air.”

She didn’t want to announce that Tracy had to pee really bad.

”I’d recommend we stay together. We’ll clear this floor then head back for a break. Sound good?” Caleb said.

Tracy gripped Katelyn’s arm. That was definitely a no from her. Tracy was usually the more outgoing and adventurous one. Now that all the lights are off, she was acting like a scared little schoolgirl. Katelyn felt bad for dragging her to this place.

”Ohhhh tough Katelyn finally met her match? The dark too much for ya?” Johnny teased.

”No Johnny. We all know you’re the one that’s been shanking and nearly pissing yourself this whole time.” Katelyn said.

That seemed to shut him up.

”Okay guys easy. We’re almost done. Let’s go,” Caleb said. Katelyn decided to fall on the sword for Tracy.

”It’s just that, I really have to pee, guys. Tracy said she’d come with me to the bathroom by the entrance. There I said it.”

She’d rather lie about having to pee than make everyone think she was scared of the dark. Truth be told, Katelyn did feel a twinge in her own bladder.

”Okay, fine. Stay together and just wait for us in the lobby, okay?” Caleb said.

”Will do,” Katelyn said.

“Don’t fall into the toilet,” Johnny said.

Katelyn flipped him off as they headed back down the staircase.

”Thank you for covering,” Tracy said as we descended the stairs.

“Don’t worry about it. I feel like I need to pee too anyways.” Katelyn said. She held Tracy’s hand tight as they reached the first floor. Tracy quickened her pace. She could feel herself on the verge of bursting.

”Hey, careful. Some of these floorboards are loose. Don’t wanna fall through into the basement,” Katelyn said.

”Sorry. I just really have to go, bad,” Tracy said. Now that they were away from everyone else, Tracy was doing a full on pee dance. She grabbed her crotch tightly and grinned her legs together.

The sight of Tracy being so desperate made Katelyn have to pee even more. She was now also anxious for the bathroom.

The two girls reached the lobby where they had set up basecamp. All their gear was in a neat pile by the old receptionist desk. Everything seemed to be in the right place. Except…..

The front doors were shut. Weird. Katelyn could’ve sworn they left the double doors wide open before they headed upstairs. Maybe Johnny double back to close them in case cops came by? He did leave to go off on his own for a few minutes.

Before Katelyn could think any deeper about it, Tracy rushed past her. Her flashlight shining on the RESTROOMS sign off to the far end of the lobby.

”Ah finally!” Tracy exclaimed, rushing over to the door with her legs tightly crossed.

Katelyn followed behind her and entered the old bathroom. Inside was a large, old school women’s bathroom with stalls lining one side, and sinks on the other. There were some debris on the floor. Half the stalls were shattered or gutted, and there was granite anywhere. Katelyn couldn’t think of a better place to piss.

Tracy quickly began checking the stalls. Immediately, they ran into a problem. The water had been shut off to the building for years. Whatever toilets remained intact were bone dry and dusty. Half the stalls only had holes on the tile floor. The porcelain having been ripped out years ago.

Katelyn and Tracy gathered in one of the stalls. The only one with a toilet intact enough sit on. It was dry and dusty like all the sinks, but at least the seat looked fairly clean.

“Of course there’s only one toilet left,” Katelyn said.

”Do you wanna go first?” Tracy asked. She was bouncing, sweating despite the cold, on the verge of pissing herself. Katelyn knew it was just a formality.

”Knock yourself out. You need it more than I do,” Katelyn said, moving out of the way.

”Thank you!”

Dancing in place, Tracy swiftly unsnapped her jeans and yanked them down to her knees. In one swift motion, she sat on the old, decrepit toilet and started pissing like it was nobody’s business.

”Ughhhhhhh yesssssss…..” Tracy moaned. She lolled her head back went slack on the seat as her urine flooded the toilet.

Since it was dry, the only sound Katelyn could hear was Tracy’s pee stream pattering against the inside of the bowl. Her pee dripped down into the disconnected pipes, probably dripping down into the floor below.

Tracy exhaled like she just ran a marathon. Her lips curled into a smile.

”This feels so good,” Tracy said, her piss still roaring.

Now Katelyn could really feel the fullness of her bladder.

”I’ll give you two a minute alone,” Katelyn said, chuckling. She stepped out of the stall to give Tracy some privacy.

“Don’t go far, it’s creepy as hell in here,” Tracy said, still peeing.

Katelyn wandered over to the sinks, playing with her flashlight. Trying to tune out Tracy’s copious stream. Her own bladder was now sending her signals that it needed emptying. Katelyn hoped Tracy would be done soon. She didn’t want to consider the possibility of squatting over a hole in the floor in one of the other stalls.

A squelching noise caught her attention. Shining the flashlight towards the entrance to the bathrooms, Katelyn caught the fleeting movement of something ducking behind the doorway.

Her mind immediately jumped to Johnny. He must have followed them down and planned to scare them as they came out of the bathroom.

Katelyn headed to the door, intending to confront him.

”Hey perv! We don’t give out free shows,”

Katelyn stepped out into the hallway. But there was no one there. Looking all around, Katelyn confirmed that she’s all alone in that hallway.

Suddenly the whole building seemed a lot more terrifying. Something switched inside Katelyn. That part of her brain that raises the alarms with it thinks she’s in danger. Now every shadow seemed like a threat. Movement was everywhere in the corners of her vision. Her heart beat so fast, and her need to piss increased by a hundred.

Katelyn carefully stepped back, towards the lobby. Where she prayed that the front doors hadn’t been locked on them.

Thats when it peeked out from one of the doorways. It took Katelyn a second to process what she was seeing. When it finally dawned on her, she nearly jumped out of her own skin.

It looked humanoid. But without any skin. It could have been seven feet tall, the way it bent its gangly neck to duck from the ceiling. It had the blackest eyes. Its whole body was damp and riddled with scars. Katelyn didn’t want to believe it but she knew. It was one of the doctor’s experiments. Still living among the empty halls of this condemned place.

And it was smiling at her.

Katelyn felt her bladder void all its contents. Warmth gushed out of her and soaked her pants. Katelyn was overcome with fear. But she couldn’t move. She couldn’t look away.

Her piss flooded her sneakers and leaked out onto the dusty floor. She would’ve sighed in relief had she not been so terrified. Her jeans were utterly soaked. But wetting herself was the farthest thing from her mind. That thing was coming closer.

Katelyn finally found the strength to move, and she stumbled backwards, scrambling towards the lobby.

As she ran, she tripped on some debris. Her flashlight clattering on the floor and shutting off.

Katelyn frantically searched the darkness for the flashlight, her breathing frantic, she reached what looked like Tracy’s shoes.

Thank goodness, Katelyn thought. Tracy made it out. But something was wrong. Her shoes were covered in some sort of goo. As she felt Tracy’s legs above her shoes, they felt cold and misshapen.

”It’s okay, Katelyn. They’re here for us now,” she heard Tracy say. Her voice sounded extremely off.

A flashlight clicked on. Tracy shined it on herself and smiled.

Katelyn looked up at what used to be her friend and screamed.

Tracy wasn’t Tracy anymore.

She’d been turned into one of them.

*005*2026-02-22 19:29

{{10 hours ago, FlowingFaster said:

This was a masterclass in fun, because outside of omorashi, I am a huge horror movie buff. I'm trying to think hard which movies these are or could be.

1. Joy Ride?

2. Rob Zombie's Halloween remake?

3. Dinocroc?

4. Either one of the REC movies or The Conjuring?

}}

Thank you! Glad you enjoyed it!

Those guesses are pretty close. Each chapter is heavily inspired by several different movies. The first one is definitely inspired by Joy Ride but also The Hitcher and Rest Stop. The second one is basically any masked home invasion thriller. Halloween and The Strangers being the main ones. The third one is basically any low budget shark attack/creature feature (like Dinocroc). And the fourth one definitely has REC DNA but also inspired by Grave Encounters and other abandoned explorations gone wrong.

*006*2026-02-23 19:35

FIVE.

Olivia hated her family's new house.

They'd just moved in two weeks ago, and already she wanted nothing more than to leave and never come back. From the moment she stepped foot in the house, she knew something was off. The whole place felt cold, foreboding, and angry.

She tried to tell her parents, her brother, her uncle, but they didn't listen. Her dad just copped it up to rebellion and grief. Olivia never wanted to leave their hometown. She was content taking a gap year from college and working at the town diner so she can pay for the rest of her classes on her own. Her parents' grocery store had enough financial troubles. But then her sister Casey went missing. And then they found Casey by the riverbank. And her family was never the same.

They packed all their things and headed West for a fresh start. They left their family business and their roots in that small town behind. It had been tainted when Casey was taken away from them.

Olivia took it particularly hard, because Casey was her best friend. Now she felt alone, even more so now that she was in a new town and didn't know anybody. But that was the least of her problems. Something was going on in that new house. Olivia noticed things out of place on the shelves and tables. Doors would open and close from the corner of her eye. Distant voices sometimes called to her. No one else acknowledged it, which made her feel insane.

Most of the activity took place on the second floor. At night, Olivia would hear heavy footsteps outside in the hallway. Even when her brother and uncle weren't home, she'd hear them. It was just her luck that the weird and creepy occurrences were concentrated around Olivia's bathroom, down the hall from her bedroom. On multiple occasions, she felt like she was being watched while she was in the shower. When she peeked outside, no one would be there, but she could still feel eyes on her. Things on the counter would get knocked over while she was in her room.

One night, she was sitting on the toilet, peeing, when the bathroom door unlatched and swung open all on its own. Olivia has home alone at the time and she nearly fell off the toilet in fright. The activity seemed to be more active at night.

Olivia was so scared, she only resorted to using that bathroom in the daytime. Even then, when she popped in to relieve herself while the sun was shining bright, she'd felt uneasy the whole time. And even hear whispers in her ear. At night, when she'd have to pee, she'd force herself to hold it until the next morning, then make a mad dash to the guest bathroom downstairs, seconds away from having an accident. There she'd desperately sit down and unleash a whole night's worth of pee. She didn't know how long she could keep this up.

Yet her complaints fell to deaf ears. Her family didn't have the finances to move out. And the only person who really entertained her claims of hauntings was her brother. There was nothing they could do. And the activity was only getting worse.

It was now the end of the second week. The whole family had gone to bed, and Olivia was dreading another night of strange noises and creepy voices.

Olivia tossed and turned in bed. She tried to go to sleep. Tried to tune out the strange noises on the other side of her bedroom door. But the undeniable sensation in her bladder made it impossible. She felt way more full than usual, and she cursed at herself for that. Usually, she was so careful not to drink too much liquids at dinner. Earlier that night however, she got into a huge argument with her parents during dinner. They were once again ignoring her pleas to move elsewhere. It got heated, and Olivia ended up downing three glasses of wine to cope with all the bullshit. She'd had two cup fulls of water and a soda by then. She marched straight from the dinner table and into her room.

Now she was regretting that. All those drinks were making themselves known, and it wasn't even midnight yet. Olivia was the kind of girl that couldn't ignore the call of nature once she felt it. When she felt like having to pee, she was usually in a bathroom within the next 20 minutes. Any longer and she'd pee her pants. The past few nights of holding it till morning have been torture for her. But that was when she to bed with an empty bladder. Olivia tightly crossed her legs under the sheets. She forced herself to calm down and tried to push the need to pee out of her head. It was fine. She could do this. She'll just have to wait until next morning before she could pee. No problem.

Her bladder spasmed. It felt really full.

Olivia groaned and tried to focus on sleeping once again. As she shifted around in bed, her need to pee continued to grow. It was getting unbearable. She considered running to the toilet and ending this agony, but the fear of the unknown right outside her bedroom door kept her squirming in bed.

Footsteps outside the on the hallway caught her attention. Olivia's heart beat faster. It has begun.

Olivia clutched her blanket and shut her eyes tight. If she ignored it, it would go away...if she ignored it, it would go away....

A loud bang outside made Olivia jump. A squirt of pee escaped into her panties. Despite being terrified at what caused the noise, Olivia was more concerned about her aching bladder, and the fact that she had wet herself a little bit. She was a 20-year-old woman. She shouldn't be doing things like this.

"Come on, Liv. Get it together. You can hold it," she told herself.

Something fell to the floor in the hallway. Distant creaks in the house reached Olivia's ears. She grabbed her crotch tight under the covers, crossing her thighs over them. She felt the dampness of her shorts. Nothing she could do about that now. She tried to take deep, controlled breaths. It seemed to help her bladder just a bit.

After several, eternally long minutes, the noises stopped.

Olivia perked her ears up. Everything was silent. Slightly relieved, she relaxed her body. Careful not to let her bladder go. The urgent need subsided, and she was able to close her eyes and fall into a light sleep.

Minutes later, her eyes shot open. Another spurt had escaped, pulling her out of dream land. She had to piss like a racehorse. A dull pain emanated from her abdomen. It was now or never for the bathroom. Olivia listened and heard no strange noises. The activity had subsided. Hoping to keep her bedsheets dry and wanting to avoid embarrassment, Olivia made her choice.

She carefully slid out of bed. The floor felt cold on her feet. Colder than usual. As she stood, the effect of gravity made her desperation 10 times worse. She had to bend forward and cross her legs tightly to prevent disaster. When she felt like it was safe to move again, Olivia carefully crept to the door. She opened it and tiptoed into the hallway. Nothing seemed out of place in the darkness. The bathroom was one door over. To Olivia, it might as well have been miles away. She took a deep breath.

Now being driven by her bursting bladder rather than bravery, Olivia took several confident steps towards salvation. She was almost there. Her hand reached out to grab the handle.

She stopped in her tracks inches short of the door.

At the end of the hallway, a dark, ghostly figure stood. It had no eyes, but Olivia knew it was looking right at her. A cold chill ran down her spine. Her heart felt terror unlike she'd ever felt before. He bladder threatened to burst right there in the spot.

Something whispered in her ear, "Why are you here?"

The heavy footsteps exploded from down the hall and bounded straight for Olivia! Without even thinking, Olivia turned around and ran like hell back into her room. She locked the door and pushed her small bookshelf against it, barricading herself in. She jumped back into bed and buried herself under the covers. She was quivering uncontrollably, and the pain in her overflowing bladder was immense. Somehow, she had held onto her piss as she ran back in the room. But now she was trapped. Nowhere to go.

Olivia was breathing hard. Sleep was the farthest thing from her mind.

That's when she heard her bookshelf scrape across the floor. Her books spilling. The door to her bedroom creaked open.

Olivia had her back to the door, facing the wall. Yet she knew there was something standing in the doorway. It's eyes drilling right into her with its all-seeing gaze.

Tears flowed from her eyes. She was so scared. The fear gripped her like a jacket made of ice. Her bladder felt immensely full, only adding to her pain. Something grabbed her leg from outside the covers. It's grip cold as a tundra. In that moment, Olivia lost all control. It was all too much.

Warm piss burst out of her, flooding her shorts and pooling round her waist on the bed. It came out hissing loudly, like a broken faucet, despite Olivia tightly crossing her legs.

Olivia couldn't believe it. She was wetting the bed. But more than that, something was in the room with her. Still grabbing onto her leg. Despite emptying herself of what seemed like an entire gallon of pee, Olivia felt no relief. She only felt cold terror.

Her pee dripped onto the floor, having already flooded the bed and spilling off the side.

Olivia gasped for air as she voided herself. Her pee accident seemed to go on and on forever. A never-ending nightmare.

At some point, her pee stopped. Olivia's quivering body squelched around in her pee-soaked sheets. She was so caught up in shame that at first, she didn't realize that whatever it was that was grabbing her leg was no longer there. The presence was no longer in the room. Exhausted from holding it in and hiding in horror, Olivia finally felt herself sink into deep sleep. Not giving a damn that her bed was totally soaked.

She awoke a few hours later. It was still dark outside. Her wet bed was now cold in the night air. But realized that she had to pee again.

At the foot of her bed, the ghostly figure stood. Shrouded in darkness. Watching her intently.

Closing her eyes again, Olivia just let go. She felt herself pee through her shorts and onto her bed. This one didn't last as long as earlier, but a generous amount of warm liquid still soaked her bed. Olivia sighed in relief.

She no longer felt embarrassed. She only cared about surviving until morning.

*008*2026-02-24 22:17

SIX.

Madison cursed under her breath as she stumbled over some rocks.

She did save herself from falling flat on her face, but not very gracefully. Maybe this solo hike wasn't such a good idea.

But Madison wasn't a quitter. She told herself she was going to do this, and she was going to finish what she started. She was going to conquer this trail and prove to all her sorority sisters that she wasn't just some spoiled, nepo baby from West Hollywood. That she could handle the outdoors and tough it out on her own without any help. It was just a hiking trail at the foot of the Rocky Mountains. How bad could it be?

However, it's looking like they might be right. It's been three hours since she started on this adventure, and it was clear she was ill-prepared for this.

Things started out fine. She parked her rental Jeep at the trailhead and there were barely any people there. The morning mist still hung low, and Madison felt excited to meet the great outdoors head on. She pulled on her backpack and set off, striding confidently into the slightly sloping, rocky trail that cut through the forest of tall pines. The trees were lush and smelled amazing. The only noises around were the local wildlife chirping and going about their business. Madison had grown up in the city her whole life. Surrounded by honking horns and concrete jungles. Being so deep in nature made her feel so peaceful and gave her a new perspective on life.

Her therapist told her this would help. After the terrible month she had, spending some time with herself out in nature was going to do her some good, allegedly. Madison chose a trail she had seen on tiktok as an underrated gem in Northern California. She planned it all herself and committed to doing the entire hike. Now that she was actually doing it, she actually felt better.

That feeling lasted about an hour or so.

Soon, Madison felt tired and her muscles ached. The loneliness of the forest became more unsettling and less peaceful. She took copious sips from her water bottle because the strenuous trail made her so thirsty.

The sky was beautifully blue and the sun felt hot against her skin. Madison had checked the weather and figured dressing in cute butt-hugging cargo shorts that showed off her legs and a tight tank top over her sports bra would be appropriate, but now she was sure she was sun burnt in her arms and legs. Despite regularly doing the Stairmaster at the gym to work out her glutes, her legs screamed in pain. She felt sweaty, gross, exhausted, and on top of all that, she had to pee so badly.

She'd already downed two hold water bottles and was working on her third. She was also carrying the orange juice and chai tea latte she had with breakfast that morning. There was a bathroom at the parking lot when she got there, but she was so early that the doors were still chained shut. She didn't have to pee then so she figured she'd be fine. Surely there'd be restrooms along the trail, right?

That was the one thing Madison had not considered before setting off on this journey. The bathroom situation.

She was a city girlie, and the most adventurous she'd been when it came to using the bathroom was peeing in a gross porta-potty at a music festival. It was humid and nasty and she had to hover because there was no way her butt was toughing that damp seat.

But Madison had never, ever "popped a squat" outside. Not even in the numerous times her and her girlfriends had gone out to the clubs. Even when some of them were filled to the brim with cocktails and ran into an alley to relieve themselves, Madison was always the one to hold out. It was painful, holding it until the very last second, when she'd dance in place as she unlocked her front door, and always a mad dash to the toilet, and then a euphoric, almost orgasmic piss once she finally did tear her pants off and sat down. But Madison would rather have that than expose herself in public. The thought of pissing outside mortified her.

She might not have a choice now.

Each uneven step she took on the trail shook her full bladder. It was getting harder to ignore her need. Every attempt to think of something else ended in her thinking about how full she felt and how much she really just wanted to pee.

She hadn't encountered anyone else on the trail in the last hour, and the trees just off to the side had thick bushes, so privacy won't be too much of a problem. But the thought of taking her shorts down and squatting outside just seemed so off for Madison. She was getting anxious about doing that as much as she was peeing her pants.

Madison stopped and looked at her map. She still had about an hour of hiking left before she reached an outpost. And even then, there might not be a bathroom there. She started to panic internally, and that in turn cause her to leak a little bit. Madison gasped and quickly crossed her legs. She jammed her hands in her crotch and groaned. Walking had made it easier to not think about it. Now, standing still, Madison felt just how bloated her bladder was. It was bad. Like a freight train, it hit her all at once. She felt full to the brim and another leak was threatening to come out. Her whole body was quivering from how badly she needed to go.

"Ugh, I have to pee!" she exclaimed to no one in particular. "Oh no....oh noooooo..."

There was no more time. She had to act. If she kept on walking, she'd have a full-on accident. And she didn't bring an extra pair of shorts, let alone underwear.

Her breaths short, Madison quickly looked around. No one was approaching on the trail from either direction. There was a thicket of bushes nearby. It would have to do.

Madison rushed over, ducking behind the thicket. Not even stopping to think, she dumped her backpack and started frantically undoing her belt. She could feel more spurts coming out, soaking her underwear.

"No, no, no, no! Pleaseeee....!" Madison begged bladder to hold on for just a few more seconds.

She got her shorts open and quickly tore them down her legs, along with her panties. Instinctively, she got down to squat just as piss exploded out of her, soaking the dirt in front of her. It was the loudest hiss she'd ever heard.

"Oh God....hahhhhh....ahhhhhhhhhhh.....fuckkkkk!"

Madison grimaced and gasped for air as her piss stream came out hard. She had to adjust her squat and move her shorts out of the way more since her pee was splattering everywhere. Her whole sweaty body shivered from the relief of finally pissing after holding it in for so long.

"Holy shit.....I can't believe I'm doing this...."

Madison buried her face in her hands. This was so embarrassing. Her pussy was out in the open, still spraying a thick jet of piss everywhere. A small pond was forming in front of her on the ground. Never did she think she'd ever have to deal with this. She hoped she'd be done soon. Before anyone else came by.

But of course, her stream lasted forever. That's what she gets for hydrating and going through her water supply quick.

Her pee had weakened from a gusher, but it was still coming out steadily. She was still catching her breath from all that effort.

The snap of a twig pulled her out of her misery. It came from somewhere nearby. Madison tried to stop her stream, in case someone else was coming up the trail. But she couldn't. There was no stopping her flood. She heard more twigs snapping. Leaves crunching. Branches bending. Something was out there. And it was getting closer.

Then it growled. Low and threatening.

Madison hugged her knees. Her piss was trailing off, but now she was paralyzed with fear.

She remembered one tiktok she saw about this trail. There was rumored to be a creature roaming these woods. Some claim it to be the sasquatch himself. There've been many alleged sightings and seemingly authentic photos taken over the decades. Some have even claimed this creature was responsible for several hikers disappearing in the past few months.

Madison dismissed all of those as silly urban legends. But now, in that moment, it couldn't have felt more real.

The footsteps were even closer now. Whatever this thing was, it was on the other side of the tree trunk Madison was squatting against. It was definitely an animal of some sort. She could hear its ragged breaths. It was sniffing inquisitively, probably picking up the scent of Madison's fresh piss.

Her heart beating out of her chest, Madison slowly stood. She carefully pulled her shorts back up and slowly fastened them over her dripping crotch. She could feel the thing behind her, on the other side of the tree, looking around. But it hadn't seen her yet. Her backpack was a few feet away. She had a can of bear spray in there.

She carefully stepped forward, inching closer to it. But her boot stepped on a twig, and it audibly snapped.

A loud roar exploded from the other side of the tree as Madison dove forward toward her bag. The tree trunk splintered as the thing swiped and smashed it. Madison rolled on the ground, picking up her bag. As she turned, she got a full view of this savage creature.

It stood nine feet tall. Covered in dark brown hair. It's arms and chest muscular and animalistic. It was the Sasquatch. Looking just like those photos of its sighting from decades ago. It had a crazed look in its eyes. Saliva dripped from its sharp teeth. It had found its prey.

Thinking quickly, Madison grabbed the bear spray and unloaded it at its face. It stumbled back and grabbed at itself, its eyes stinging.

Madison took the window and took off running. Adrenaline fueling her every move. She didn't know whether she was even still on the trail or not. She just careened through the brush, hoping to escape this terror.

Some distance behind her, a loud, threatening roar echoed across the woods. It was coming after her.

Madison willed herself to run faster. She was the most scared she'd ever felt in her life, but she could feel something else within her. A growing sense of determination to survive.

She was gonna fight back. And she was going to win.

*009*2026-02-24 22:23

{{58 minutes ago, PPP said:

I absolutely love this premise, the stories are so diverse. Maybe next you could do one where a girl camping in the woods has to pee at night?

}}

Was literally in the middle of writing the camping/hiking one just as you commented lol. Perfect timing

*010*2026-02-25 03:10

SEVEN.

Special Agent Leigh Banning downed the last of her lukewarm black coffee and threw the empty cup on the floor of the passenger seat. There, it joined several other empty coffee cups and some empty water bottles. Casualties of Leigh’s all night stakeout.

It’s been nearly 12 hours and still no activity from the rundown tenement across the street. Not even a single soul had gone in or out of those front doors since Leigh parked her Lincoln across the street the night before.

City records showed that the building has been condemned, and was slated for demolition. It’s been on that waiting list for the past decade due to low city funds. But Leigh was convinced. There was no doubt at all that this was where the Smile Doctor resided.

That’s what the press called him. It made him sound like some sort of Saturday morning cartoon character. Or some mascot for some off brand toothpaste. It made Leigh sick. They sensationalized this maniac instead of calling him what he actually is.

The moniker was chosen because all of his victims were found with smiles on their faces. No matter how gruesome the method in which he dispatched them, they were always left smiling.

The tapes he had sent to police also had his manifesto of spreading “happiness across the land” one target at a time. The press had a field day when those tapes leaked to the public. His raspy, unnerving voice was suddenly everywhere. And that’s exactly what he wanted. He heard his own nickname on the news and started referring to himself as the Smile Doctor.

He had been active on the south side of the city for the past two months. They had found nine of his “patients” already. No telling how many more were out there undiscovered.

Leigh was one of the first Feds called to investigate. She practically had to beg her ASAC to put her on this. Perhaps it was the chip on her shoulder from her father, a distinguished and retired agent of the bureau. Or perhaps it was the fact that a year out from graduating from the academy, she was stuck with fraud cases going over state lines. Her male colleagues seemed to be the ones getting the big cases.

She wanted to prove to all those smug assholes that she wasn’t just some pretty face. She didn’t get to where she was because she flashed her looks and pouted her lips. Despite her cutting her long raven hair short, wearing minimal makeup, and having a more masculine style with her clothes, cadets and junior agents still lined up to ask her out. It frustrated her to no end. She even changed her name. Her real name was Ashleigh, but no one would take an FBI agent named Ashleigh seriously. She had to work her ass off to get where she was. Not because it was what her father wanted. But because it where she felt like she belonged. She felt the call to take down bad people in this big bad world.

Leigh stifled a yawn. She’d been up all night, watching that decrepit place like a hawk. She didn’t want to take any chances, so she’s barely eaten, forgone any naps, and hadn’t gone to the bathroom since she left her office the night before.

With nothing but a diet of black coffee and bottled water for the past 12 hours, Leigh was more than bursting for the toilet at this point.

Her stubbornness and determination had been winning out though, and so far she’s been able to keep her need for the bathroom at bay.

Her investigation had led her to this place, and her hunch was the Smile Doctor was there for his cooling period. A sort of twisted hibernation. A small piece of evidence from the last crime scene had led to an alias. That alias led to an address. And that address led to this building.

No one else believed her theory. The Bureau boys were stuck in the theory that the Smile Doctor was some bum in an RV traveling the country. That was the best the senior agents could come up with. All because of some tire tracks at one of the scenes. But the profile didn’t fit. And Leigh knew that. She was good at this. More than most fresh out of the academy. If only she hadn’t made too many assumptions.

Her last theory put three SWAT officers in the hospital. But they were so close. Leigh’s theory had been right, but the Smile Doctor had been steps ahead. The FBI raided his last hideout and was met with several booby traps.

Leigh’s boss benched her after that debacle and assigned a new agent to lead the task force. Much to Leigh’s anger.

So while those idiots were chasing false leads and going in circles, Leigh was out here getting real work done. At least, that’s what she’d hoped.

Leigh was really starting to doubt her theory as the sun rose over the city. And the more she doubted herself, the more she felt the fullness in her lower abdomen. She’s was at her limit. Leigh had done long stakeouts before. But that was with partners. Partners who could keep an eye on things while the other one went to seek proper facilities.

But Leigh was on her own with this one. This stakeout wasn’t sanctioned by her boss. This one was totally off the books.

A sudden bladder spasm hit her hard. All that black coffee was begging for release. Annoyed, Leigh only crossed her legs tighter and kept her eyes on the tenement building. She tapped her foot incessantly, hoping it would take her mind off her bursting need.

”Come join the bureau, where you’ll constantly be on the verge of pissing yourself and your bosses will think you’re crazy…”

Leigh laughed at her own bad joke. She was getting delirious. She rubbed her tired eyes, no doubt red from lack of sleep. Something has to happen soon. Or maybe she’s lost her edge as an agent. She hasn’t been the same since the disastrous raid that got her benched in the first place.

A sudden leak pulled Leigh out of her inner monologue. She groaned in pain as she fought off another wave of desperation. She had trained her bladder to hold for long amounts of time, even beating most of her male counterparts in the bureau. But even this was pushing it.

Her need to piss was clouding her judgement. That was a liability, so Leigh had to do something about it, and fast. She could feel herself bursting any second. And it was really starting to become painful. The last thing she needed was a UTI on the job.

But she could simply just step out and relieve herself on the street corner. What if the Smile Doctor showed up right then and there? She’d literally be caught with her pants down.

Leigh sighed in annoyance that she even had to deal with a problem like this. Her bladder was so full her stomach was bloated. Her slacks felt so tight around her waist.

Her eyes drifted over to the empty coffee cups on the floor. Then to the tenement building. Then back to the coffee cups. Another spurt leaked out of her, despite her thighs being tightly clamped.

”Argh! Fuck it!”

Leigh angrily succumbed to natures call. Her eyes still glued to the building, she reached for one of the empty coffee cups on the floor. Grabbing one, she took the top off and threw it aside.

She then got to work unbuckling her pants. Her breaths were slow and controlled, like when she was at the range doing her marksmanship evaluation.

Now unfastened, Leigh carefully lifted her butt off the seat and slid her slacks down to her knees. Next came her panties. Leigh nearly flooded her car as she did this, but by some miracle she managed to hold the floodgates shut.

It was official. This was the worst she’s ever had to piss in her entire life.

And still she kept one eye at the tenement building. She could feel it in her gut that her theory was right. And there was no way in hell she was letting the Smile Doctor get away all because she had to use that bathroom. She might as well resign from the bureau if that happened.

With her pants and underwear pulled down and her quivering crotch now fully exposed, Leigh held the small foam coffee cup against her pee hole.

Leigh took a deep breath and forced her sphincter muscles to relax. It took a second, but soon bright yellow pee slowly cascaded out of her and started filling up the cup.

”Ahhhhh fuck. Come on….come on…..”

Leigh kept glancing back at the building, making sure she wasn’t missing anything. She willed her piss to go faster but the way she was sitting only let the pee trickle out slowly.

Soon the cup was filled to the brim, and Leigh was nowhere close to being empty.

“Goddammit!” Leigh said. She grimaced in pain as she quickly cut off her stream and set the full cup aside. She reached for another empty cup, popped the top, and resumed the whole process of relieving herself.

Once again her piss slowly filled the cup. She kept her breathing controlled and was careful not to spill any on the seat. The awkward way she was lifting her butt off the seat was starting to make her back feel sore.

The second cup filled up faster, and still Leigh was not done.

”Gotta be fucking kidding me….”

For a third time she reached for another empty cup and she started filling that one up too. Her pee was seemingly endless. Only now did Leigh started feeling some sort of relief. Leigh exhaled and tried not to let the pleasure of release get to her head. Any sense of shame at the current position Leigh was in slid off her like butter. She did basic training with a bunch of wanna-be tough guys. This was nothing.

The door to the tenement building opened and a hooded man stepped out.

Leigh nearly fell on her bare ass and spilled her third full cup of piss as she scrambled to get her pants back on. She pushed away the throbbing pain of cutting off her stream once again, because she still wasn’t done pissing.

Leigh watched as this man walked over to the side of the holding with a trash bag. Deep in her bones, she knew it was him. It was now or never.

Fastening her pants back on, Leigh stepped out of her vehicle and cautiously approached this hooded man as he rummaged through the trash. She kept one hand close to her holstered weapon. She draw it if she had her way, but she had to follow protocol on this one.

”Excuse me? Leigh Banning, FBI. Mind if I ask you a few questions?"

Quick as lightning the hooded man threw his trash bag at Leigh and took off running.

”Hey! Stop!”

Leigh sprinted after him, down the narrow alleyway and into a maze of trash covered walkways behind the tenement buildings.

As she ran, Leigh kept one eye on her quarry. She raised her phone to her face, trying to not sound out of breath.

”This is Agent Banning. Need back up on Silver and Crown Court. NOW!”

The call had been made. Now all she had to do was catch the sonofabitch.

She profiled him as a middle aged man, likely in his 50s, but he was fast. Like an Olympic athlete.

Leigh navigated the maze and didn’t lost a step as she jumped over toppled trash cans and dodged debris thrown at her.

After multiple turns and fence jumps, she rounded a corner and the man was gone. Her instincts flaring, Leigh drew her weapon and cautiously want down the empty alley, checking every corner. She could hear her own heartbeat. Slow, controlled breaths. He could be anywhere…

And at that moment the hooded man came rushing out from behind a pile of wooden pallets.

He charged at Leigh and tackled her to the floor, disarming her of her service weapon. He was fast, and quickly got her into a chokehold. Leigh struggled to get free, but she could barely move. she felt his hot breath in her ear.

”Pleasure to finally meet you, Special Agent Banning. Why don’t you give me a little smile?”

His voice was raspy and stank of motor oil. In his hand was a blade.

Leigh fueled all her fury into slipping g out of his tight grip. This wasn’t how she was going to go out. She rotated her whole body and managed to claw his face! He yelped in pain and Leigh took the opportunity to completely escape his grip and kick him straight in the groin.

The man reeling, he shoved Leigh to the ground and took off down a side alley. Leigh scrambled for her weapon and aimed it at him but he was already gone.

”Fuck!”

Leigh picked herself back up. She can’t believe it. She was this close to nailing the Smile Doctor!

Now that the adrenaline had subsided, Leigh felt a sharp pain in her abdomen. It was enough to make her double over.

”Shit. Did he actually stick me?” Leigh thought as she checked herself for wounds.

Finding none, she quickly realized what it was: She still desperately had to piss. Her marathon long stakeout pee was not done yet.

At her wit’s end, Leigh stepped over by the dumpster, unbuckled and pulled her pants down, and squatted.

Urine burst forth and soaked the greasy alley way. Leigh felt euphoric and dazed.

”Ugghhhhhhhh fuck me…”

Her piss splattered out of her for a solid thirty seconds. Then she finally finished. At long last. She was totally out of breath.

Leigh stood up, buckling her pants. Feeling incredibly relieved but also pissed at herself for letting the guy get away.

But as she straightened out her clothes, she realized something. She had clawed the hooded man in the face during the struggle. She checked under her fingernails and sure enough, there was some red under there.

More than enough for a DNA trace.

Sirens wailed in the distance. Backup was once again arriving too late. But she had his DNA. She was one step closer to finding him and ending his reign of terror.

Leigh smiled.

”Game on, motherfucker.”

*011*2026-02-26 19:32

EIGHT.

Julie sprinted down the hallway, going as fast as her rhinestone-studded spool heels would allow her.

The gorgeous, red and gold, ball gown style prom dress she had meticulously picked out for tonight now seemed like a ball and chain to her current predicament. It was cumbersome and made it difficult to run, especially with her high heels. The ruffled long skirt dragged on the floor. None of this would be a problem if she was just out in the dance floor, slow dancing with her boyfriend, Ricky. It was supposed to be the most magical night of her 19th year. But it hadn't exactly gone that way. It was actually turning out to be a disaster.

And on top of everything that has happened already, Julie was so desperate to pee.

"Come on, come on, ugh! Where the hell is it!"

Julie cursed as she rounded another corner. She'd been going to this school for years and knew the whole lay out, but for some reason, when she was about to piss all over her expensive prom dress, that's when she can't find the bathrooms. The liminal hallways seemed endless. Julie was sweating, panicking, and her bladder felt so full of pee. Having an accident would be the cherry on top of this clusterfuck of a night.

As she made another turn to the right, she finally spotted her salvation. The sign for the girl's bathroom.

"Oh, thank God!" Julie picked up the sides of her long skirt and held it up off the floor like she were some milkmaid in the 1800s and booked it even faster.

She could feel herself starting to leak as she blasted through the doors and into one of the drab, green stalls. She quickly turned around and latched the door. Inside the tight stall, Julie found it difficult to move around with her dress in the way.

"Shit, shit, shit! I gotta goooooo!" Julie yelped as she struggled to bunch up her flowy dress. She hopped from heel to heel, dancing in place as she grinded her thighs together. She could already feel the dampness in her underwear.

“Stupid, fucking dress!! Nghhhhhh!”

She didn't even care if she damaged the dress anymore. She just had to go so badly, especially being so close to the toilet.

After some struggle and a couple more leaks, Julie finally managed to hike her heavy dress all the way up and reach underneath for her panties. She tore them down to her ankles, scooted back a few inches, and finally let herself sit down. Her shapely butt made contact with the seat, and immediately the leaks turned into a full-blown faucet.

A forceful, hissing pee stream exploded out of Julie, loudly splashing into the toilet water. Julie frowned and concentrated, now at the mercy of her desperate urination.

She had to adjust herself a few times and focus on holding her dress up, off the floor. That might be a lost cause though. The frills and silky material of her dress took up most of the stall around her. She hoped she didn't get any pee on her dress, but at that point, she didn't even care. Finally peeing after so long felt so freaking good. Julie wanted to scream and cry from the relief.

"Hahhhhhhhhh....... oh my god.....that's much better," Julie said. Her eyes were rolled to the back of her head and she felt utter bliss. Below her, piss continued to stream out of her.

Now that she finally achieved relief, the rest of the emotions she had been feeling finally caught up to her. She sniffled from her cries. The whole gamut of emotions she felt before she had to dash to the bathroom was all too much. She tried to center herself and focus on peeing.

"At least something went right tonight..." Julie said to herself.

The night had started off so well. She had arrived with her date, football start Ricky, and they were the couple that everyone turned to. She was class president and he was the college scholarship hopeful. Her dress was envied by all the other girls, and every slow dance with Ricky felt magical. When she was announced as the prom queen and she received her crown and sash on stage, Julie felt unstoppable. Her future was bright.

Julie became aware that the crown was still on her head. She felt the plastic thing and couldn't help but laugh at herself.

"Bet this crown never saw a prom queen pissing this hard," Julie said. She laughed a sad laugh.

She then became aware that she wasn't alone in the bathroom.

"Oh shit! Anna, is that you?"

Julie looked at the pair of heels in the stall next to her. She recognized them instantly. A particularly expensive pair. It was Anna Hillson. Captain of the volleyball team. Julie and her used to be friends back in the day, but as Julie climbed to the top of the social ladder, they drifted apart.

"Hey, sorry you had to hear all that. Just really had to pee, you know?”

No response from Anna. She was usually talkative, even in the toilet, but something was off.

”I swear, I thought I wasn’t gonna make it. I drank wayyyyy too much punch and that stuff goes right through me. Did you try the punch?”

Her attempts at small talk was met with even more silence.

Julie shrugged. Her piss was still going steady. She needed someone to talk to.

"I don't know if you saw what happened, but I have been having the worst night. I know, I got prom queen, but I gotta tell you, this thing doesn't mean much to me right now," Julie said, touching the crown on her perfectly styled long brown hair.

Absolutely nothing from Anna.

"My dad got arrested tonight. Got a call from my mom said that the cops barged into our house while I was on that stage and dragged him away. They were saying something about illegal experiments at the lab and that my dad was behind it all. They've been investigating him for weeks. Go figure. Then I find out Ricky has been cheating on my with Stella Hargrave for the past three months. And then my best guy friend Luis thought that was the perfect moment for him to confess his romantic feelings for me, right after I literally got my heart broken by the love of my life. Oh, and apparently the university rescinded my acceptance because of whatever the fuck my dad had been doing at the labs. Some sort of inhumane stuff. It's probably all over the news now,"

Julie wiped the smeared mascara on her face. Her tears from earlier had dried by now.

"And, oh yeah, while I was crying and yelling at Ricky for being an asshole, that's when my bladder decided to remind me that I hadn't peed all night. So I got embarrassed yet again. I had to hobble away from Ricky mid-argument in front of everyone cause I felt like I was about to pee my pants. So now I'm here. Peeing endlessly while everyone back there is probably laughing at me. Ugh, I hate tonight so much!"

Julie sighed. Her long pee was coming to an end. Small dribbles tinkled into the toilet. She couldn't believe she just ranted all that out to someone she hasn't spoken to in months. Especially while pissing her brains out in the bathroom.

"Um, sorry. That all just came out. Don't mean to ramble. Are you alright?"

Still, Anna was quiet. Her feet hadn't moved this whole time.

Now Julie was getting a little nervous.

"Anna? You good?

That's when she heard it. Gurgling. Choking. Snarling. It was coming from Anna's stall. It was getting louder. Now Anna's feet looked like they were convulsing.

Not bothering to wipe, Julie quickly pulled her panties up and rushed out of the stall. In the next stall over, Anna looked like she was seizing and crashing against the stall door. The sounds she was making sounded inhuman and awful.

"Oh my God, Anna are you okay! Hang on, I got you!"

Julie sprang to action, going in to help. Before she could open the door however, it blasted outwards. Anna fell into a heap on the floor, right in front of Julie. She was still convulsing like a wild animal. She quickly got up.

And Julie screamed.

Anna didn't look human anymore. Her skin was grey and her veins ran black. Her eyes were a frightening shade of yellow. Her body and limbs were bent at odd angles. And there was a clear bite mark on her left arm.

"Anna....?" Julie said. Ice flowed through her veins.

Anna charged at Julie, clumsily but with purpose. Julie jumped out of the way just in time and Anna crashed into the sink, cracking her head. Anna crumpled to the floor. No longer moving.

Horrified, Julie ran out of the bathroom and headed towards the gymnasium to get help. As if this night couldn't get any worse.

Julie burst into the gymnasium and was met with a scene of carnage.

It was utter pandemonium in there. Half the people were running and trying to escape. The other half were trying to eat them. Julie had seen enough movies to figure out what was happening. She wasn't stupid. Her fellow students had been turned into zombies.

That's what her dad was so obsessed about. Those experiments that he'd been doing. But she never thought he'd actually do it. Freaking monster.

One of the zombies charged towards her. It was Ricky. Or what used to be him. On instinct, Julie kicked high, her sharp heel burying itself in Ricky's face. He goes down. Breakup now official. Those martial arts classes were finally paying off. Julie pulled her heels off. She wasn't going to need those anymore. She goes to the wall and grabs the fire axe next to the hose. By now, most of the zombies had seen Julie and were now making their way towards her.

Julie gripped the axe tight. She took a deep breath and adjusted the crown on her head.

This will definitely be a night to remember.

