A Shitty Story, chapter one (the beginnings of a new kink)

Author: EternalSmelter

*000*2017-05-10 02:07

Note i am not a good author by any means but i do think this "story" that i am in the works of making is somewhat decent. I apologize if there isn't enough diaper nor wetting in it and too much messing but i will try and write the other 2 chapters soon (maybe) i plan on making c2 and 3 balanced between wet solid and diaper usage based on what you leave in the comments. with that said Enjoy :D

Back in college me and 9 other girls in our senior year who lived on the same block of the apartment complex and had some lesbionic tendencies, had become friends after we would throw after test block parties when we did well. One night after midterms we had a party and there was some idiot who messed with our punch and things became a shit show in a literal sense because everyone was messing themselves as if they hadn't pooped in a week then couldn't hold the log back anymore. College was coming to an end soon and we all wanted to stay together after college was over and most of us had different majors so it was going to be difficult for example I was an English major. But we came into some luck when one of the girl's uncles died and he happened to have a giant secluded lake house in Wisconsin.

We collectively decided to buy the property and share the property and do whatever we wanted on our own but once a year we would go there for 2 weeks and party, gossip and do stupid stuff that would make us better friends. A year later after we had all graduated we finally got together and we all had the 2 weeks for ourselves at this cabin and we decided to play a game called truth to all to bond with each other. This game how we set it up is we would all make a yes or no questions and put them in a bucket then someone would draw a question out of a bucket and read then it went around in a circle and we all answered yes or no and then the person who drew had to reveal something else that related to the question that is highly embarrassing along with their yes or no answer.

Well, it was my turn and I grabbed probably the most personal question there was which was “Did anyone else get turned on by what happened at the punch accident party?”. And as it went around the circle everyone had said yes, some said it with an embarrassed look on their face others with confidence. Now everyone was looking at me for my answer and my embarrassing detail, so I confidently said Yes and then I told them I had a very enjoyable rest of my night as I used my vibrator. But they were not pleased with my answer and 6 of the other girls whispered to each other and demanded I tell in full detail what happened that night since nobody was giving good answers and I had the idea to play this game.

I told them that after I started seeing people dropping their drinks, putting one hand on their stomach and the other on their ass as they suddenly bent over and shat themselves in despair I got confused. Shortly after I started realizing what was happening I started running home to the other side of the block to my apartment. I got right to the door when a powerful sharp urge to fart overwhelmed me as I froze in front of my door and I was unable to move without losing control. I decided to take a deep breath and try and let out a fart to relieve the pressure and so I did slowly for a few seconds then I felt a tingling sensation as a small mass crept out of my butt hole and made me clench up as there was a turd stuck between my butt checks that I was trying to keep from falling down into my panties.

With some pressure released I was able to slowly move again, so I unlocked and opened my door and took off my shoes as I suddenly felt imaginable turned on by the firm yet squishy turd between my butt cheeks. so I walked to my room and as I knelled down to grab my vibrator but as I knelled I had momentarily unclenched and let more poop out and now it felt like there was a large warm ball of play dough between my butt cheeks. I pause for a moment and look at everyone staring at me a few of them awkwardly and others look like they are really getting into this story so I get back to it.

I grab my vibrator, now turned on like a car engine, and start slowly walking to my bathroom as thoughts in my head are popping up like how amazing it will feel if I just relax and let go cloud my mind. I continue to head towards the good bathroom in my house so I go to the basement stairs but as I walk down step by step I feel the pressure becoming greater and greater and I clench every muscle in my crotch as hard as I can, then feel such an amazing sensation and realize I clenched wrong and the warm turd between my butt cheeks squished its way out and into my panties.

I get to the bathroom with my panties now soiled and my vagina moist as fuck, I slip off my shirt, shorts, and socks as I very slowly go and lay in the bathtub. I sit down in the bathtub on the turd in my panties and moan as it pushes back up between my butt cheeks and attempts to go back in me, almost at my limit of what I can prevent from going in or out I collect myself and lean back in my bathtub thinking about how I should do this.

I decide to try and let it out in short burst, I take a few deep breaths and collect myself then start rubbing my pussy as I let a burst of super squishy warm poop slip out in desperation and I moan in pleasure but I am not near done I clench as hard as I can and push at the same time to create a feel of ultimate desperation as I fill my panties with semi-solid poop and masturbate with my vibrator.

I lose control and hot liquid shit flows uncontrollably out of me as it fills my panties to their limit then leaks out onto the bathtub and I start to lean forward and backwards as I am close to orgasming to squish the poop back into my butt for double penetration and it feels so unimaginably good as I start suddenly moaning uncontrollably as I approach my climax and have the best orgasm I have ever had, the end. I look around the circle and everyone looks amazed by my story and I sarcastically ask if that was detailed enough and then we continue on with the game they agreed it was a damn good story.

One of the girls thought that I should ask a yes or no question of my choosing since I gave a good answer but this time I didn't have to give a big answer. Since the party has anyone started occasionally pooping themselves and masturbating to it? 7 out of the 9 other girls admitted they have and the two others admitted they had wanted to. Then we continued on with the game and About 15 minutes later we collectively decide that this game had gotten boring and we need to think of a new activity or a side activity and one that could last us the week.

We started thinking about what we all liked and then I thought I’d suggest that we have a holding contest and last person to poop wins since we all enjoy or want to do it. Everyone was a bit skeptical at first but I managed to make them agree that that was a good idea. So then we discussed the rules and decided that when we needed to shower we would go to the shower house that didn't have any toilets and if we had to piss we would just piss over the shower drain.when we took showers since there are 3 stalls and 9 of us there would always be 3 people in at the same time so if anyone shat in the shower house there will be 2 witnesses. We also decided that nobody was allowed into the bathrooms until they pooped their bikini’s.

What constitutes a loose is if anyone poops at all. We all decided for fun when someone loses we all have to go outside with 3 people recording from different angles and record the loser drop the full load or most of the load in their bikini (fast or slow or whatever way they want to to enjoy it) and the videos we would use for personal use if needed. After you dropped your load in your bikini outside you will go into the bathroom of shame as we called it which was an oddly well soundproof, master bathroom that was somewhat near the entrance of the house where we would “do what would need to be done” after we lost.

We also decided to make a punishment so everyone would try their hardest and you would have to wear a diaper until the day after the contest was over and you were not allowed to change. If you were caught cheating or sabotaging you would have the normal lose punishment but you had to take half doses of laxatives daily and sleep in a tent outside and were not allowed to change until the two weeks were over or until we felt bad. And lastly to even the playing field we would all shit tonight and start the competition in the morning. ...

To be continued

Hope you enjoyed my first story theirs more to come if you want ill only know what yall think about it if you comment honestly.

Note also i don't entirely know where to post this or if this is even the correct place to put it mods tell me where to put it if this is the wrong place

*002*2017-05-12 03:39

I'm glad you like it. I really need to think of a better name for it though this was like the most generic crap i could think of for a title. and now that i am writing it again this is going to be hard to be very discriptive and keeping it short so this is going to end up being way way more than two or three chapters its going to be like one or two people loosing the game per chapter. I am also thinking it may be a good idea to like write out all the descriptive parts that will be long and post them individually then later when i have finished everything i will connect them all into one final story, especially since I typically write a full chapter in a day then cant get back into the mood for a while.

*004*2017-05-18 03:28

Good to know i will make sure its properly indented and stuff for next time. unfortunately i have used my one edit on this story so i cant change it

*005*2017-05-19 05:33

Content to continue this story is being made a bit quicker so i have a lot of parts to the story made i just need to peace them together. im not sure at this point how long the next bit im going to realease is going to be. hopefully i will not feel an urge to post it without indenting some paragraphs so its easier to read this time. sorry if its hard to read it is a brick of text and i dont have a clue why it is bolded im sorry about that.

*007*2018-03-31 02:58

I appologize for the long delay i havent finished it but sometime soon i will post all the new stuff i have written to add onto the story. At its current progress im not sure ill finish it but ill try i just dont have much free time to write anymore and i just havent immagined any material for any writing.

