I worked so hard on this story

Author: entainwinter

*000*2024-07-16 00:31

Feels like a huge punch in the gut. I poured so much hard work into my story, and I learned that it was removed due to the artwork showing Emily as being "of questionable age."

I'm so confused because 90% of the girls on this site are drawn like actual children, and mine were not at all. Was it because Emily was a slender woman? I live in Asia, and that body type is literally the majority of women, so like 1 billion+ women on Earth are built like that.

Anyways, here's my story without the art, just the text. I don't wish to violate the site's rules. (again, still confused since so much of the art on this site shows girls WAY younger-looking than what I showed.)

I'm not looking for an argument with the admins. I personally believe in following authority, and on this site, the admins are the authority. I just wanted to let people still enjoy the writing if they liked it. Thanks, community, and cheers to everyone.

&&

&&

&&

&&

&&

&&

&&

&&

&&

&&

&&

&&

&&

&&

&&

&&

&&

&&

&&

&&

&&

&&

&&

&&

&&

&&

&&

&&

&&

&&

&&

*003*2024-07-16 04:20

{{43 minutes ago, drthunder said:

If the mods are removing art with subjects of questionable age there are quite a few images in the gallery they could have started with…

}}

I responded to the removal with basically that point, that my art showed a woman far more mature than the majority of other art already on the site.

*010*2024-07-17 20:57

{{48 minutes ago, Alex62 said:

Reposting a story that was removed once and just removing the art to it is not something that’s ideal.

}}

I did not repost the offending content.

The stated reason for the removal was purely about the art, nothing else. Many people told me they enjoyed the writing, so I left only the writing there for people to still read if they wanted to.

*013*2024-07-17 21:11

{{8 minutes ago, Markj9494 said:

Firstly I want to say I didn't have a chance to read the story before it was taken down so can't comment on the specific art.

But honestly, this is a big reason I stopped posting here. The amount of stuff I find beyond the "Questionable" line on this site seems to be increasing (or maybe I am just realising what is happening as I get older and stop being young and naïve), even in just stories/fiction. There are stories on here that have characters like Clementine from the walking dead games where she is 12-15 years old max. Fanfictions of characters who are 100% under age in the show they are writing for. Along with plenty that are clearly written and aimed at being children, but with the "all characters are over 18" comment as a way of getting around it.

When I was doing fiction commissions a few years ago I had many (a worrying number of) people ask me to do child characters and when I told them no, they would say "just say they are 18" which wasn't the point. This is all in fiction and not even considering clicking on the artwork/gallery section or worse ABDL corner of this site. Even the mascot for this website seems very young looking to me. Not to mention the number of 'ticktok' videos and things which come up with people looking very young and I'm almost certain is already against the rules.

I used to and have especially in the past reported many, but don't envy the mods with how much stuff there is. From my experience if I report something, it tends to get taken down or reviewed pretty quickly (I didn't report this one though.).

There are hundreds of things uploaded here every week and it must be almost impossible for the small team of mods to check them all, but at the same time I really feel like things have been slipping into the dark side of internet culture with lines being crossed a lot and cheap and crappy excuses being used to justify it.

I am probably sounding about 900 years old right now, but maybe it is time for some stronger and updated rules?

Although again, I'm not the one who would have to enforce them so it's easy to sit here and say it. I realise this is pretty negative sounding and wasn't massively relevant to the story so I apologise, but it has been something on my mind for months and I have almost made a post about this several times so wanted to add my two cents to this conversation.

}}

So, this was the character that supposedly looked too young. She is fully clothed here, so I'm hoping I don't get in trouble.

I think this is a pretty standard body for a young adult woman who's not overweight. I agree that some bad actors may just write "she's over 18" and then draw children, and that's totally wrong, but I didn't do that here at all.

&&

*017*2024-07-18 15:09

{{9 hours ago, Binu said:

She looks 18+, I can post some pornstars that look like her if you guys want.

}}

Yes, there are so many women with bodies like that. Anyways, I have a ticket open with the admins. Just waiting on a reply. I pumped up her boob size and sent some sample images. Hopefully they're okay with it.

A bit sad because it's basically saying that women who have smaller boobs aren't real women, but hey, if it gets my content back up, I'll do it.

*019*2024-07-18 22:01

{{4 hours ago, Kyuu said:

I am going to start by saying I don't appreciate you reposting this and immediately using it to bash our administration here.

Your post was removed as some of the AI generated images you posted had faces and bodies that appeared very child-like. This is a well known, documented issue with AI generated photographs, as the models they are trained on take photos of people of all ages and amalgomate them into one single image. Some of the images in your thread crossed this line after review and were accordingly removed. This furthermore had little to do with chest size, but more the faces and other uncanny body proportions generated by the AI model.

You contacted us with examples of the works you re-generated, and I stated you could re-post them here as the updated images appeared within our guidelines. The photos posted here are NOT the child-like images that we previously removed. Furthermore, simply stating "this character is 18" does not negate the fact that some of the AI generated works you posted had overly child-like proportions and faces to them. This was surely not your intent, but it is a significant problem with using AI to generate real life photos.

Second, to everyone here complaining that we are selectively enforcing these policies, we are not. This website gets millions of visitors a month, and we have to go through thousands of posts, reports, support tickets and the likes. There are two of us that keep this entire site running. We get little in terms of thanks or appreciation for the countless hours of hard work we pour into keeping this community online and running. It costs tens of thousands of dollars a year just to keep the lights on, on top of the countless thousands of hours that have been invested into moderation, programming and other work.

I do all of this in spite of the endless posts like these berating us every time you feel like we are not perfect or that we miss something. It would be appreciated if some of you could try and show us even the slightest bit of respect or understanding. (Note that some of the posts that only served to insult, name-call us, and one specifically mocking me for being a furry for some reason have been removed)

If you believe there is content in the gallery that violates our site policies, please report it to us. Do not sit here and just berate our lack of moderation. You can help us keep this site cleaned up and free of questionable content instead of just yelling at us and saying we are not doing a good enough job. We even offer account points as a reward now for submitting actionable reports.

}}

There might be something wrong with the ticket system. I can't see the reply to my updated image examples. I even just checked again right now.

If the examples I sent are good to go, then I'll get started on recreating the art. Much appreciated!

*021*2024-07-18 23:50

So it seems that many (most?) of the art images I had were actually okay, but there were a few images where the age was questionable. Looking at my files again, the most probable "questionable" images included background characters that were not part of the omorashi scenes at all. Okay, noted. I'll be extra super careful with even background characters moving forward. I want to be careful with all characters, including the main one.

One problem is that I still have no idea which images were in violation, as the entire post was removed in a blanket removal. Given that, I'll put a list here of things to consider as I make new art. This is based on comments that I've seen from administrators and others. I'm happy for more input.

1) body proportions. I can only guess that you want tall people? All characters, including background ones, had wider hips and narrower waists.

2) small breasts are apparently okay

3) faces with child-like features (this one is hard for me to ascertain, as the old art of the main character looked fine to me. Again, with a couple of the background characters, I suppose I can see your point. I'll still give it extra attention.)

4) I'm hoping that slender body types are still acceptable.

If I could be informed more specifically which images were in violation and why, I am more than happy to avoid such problems.

And if there's anything else specific or can be clarified better by community leaders or by anyone else, I'm all ears.

...and all cheers. Thanks! 🙂

