The Cosplayer

Author: exeloro

*000*2024-10-21 16:18

(NOTE: Cassie and anyone else portrayed in these stories are all fictional characters.)

INTRODUCTION

Hi there!

My name is Cassie and I consider myself an avid cosplayer. Maybe two steps shy of doing it professionally. I got introduced into this world about six years ago, during my freshman year of college. A friend convinced me to go with her to one of those “comic con” things that happening near my college. I was hesitant because I wasn’t really into going to big social gatherings like that, but once I got there, I was quickly taken by the intricate costumes.

Halloween has always been my favorite holiday, and going to cons meant being able to celebrate it all year. It also helps that my mom is a professional seamstress, and she may have passed down a lot of her knowledge onto yours truly.

Now, why am I telling you all this? Well, because the intricate costuming, long lines at cons, overpriced sodas and coffees at booths, and at times skintight but comic accurate suits all lead to one thing: me really having to pee a lot.

I’ve had lots and lots of close calls (and more than a few accidents) due to my highly involved hobby. This has led to some embarrassing and unique experiences. I figured this would be the place to tell you guys all about it! Haven’t really found any peeps yet that wanna talk about my pee stories. Sorry to be weird, but after all these close calls, I’m kinda into this whole "having to pee really bad" thing at this point. It’s kinda hot. But more on that later.

So, a little about me…

I’m 28 and just got done with grad school. I’m half Cambodian, a fourth Italian, and a fourth Spanish. I know, a real hodgepodge in there. I’m sure there’s a couple of other countries and nationalities in there. Many have said it’s given me a unique look. With jet black hair that’s naturally thick and wavy, green eyes, and olive skin.

I’m fluent in both English and Spanish and know a bit of basic Cambodian on a good day. On a bad day, I know all the curse words. Currently, I’m trying and failing to be a pescatarian. I’m a Gemini, and my rising is…

Haha jk… I’ll give you guys what you want: I’m 5’9 and a half, my hair is down past my shoulders, and I usually wear it in a ponytail when I’m not in costume. I’ve been told my legs are miles long, and thanks to my parents forcing me to play volleyball and tennis all through middle and high school, I’m fairly athletic and toned. My college years didn’t have any sports, but there was a lot of running in the morning. And a minor swimming era. So yeah, my butt’s pretty great as a result. And I like to think my boobs are on the average side. Okay, fine. Below average. Cool? Cool.

Okay, now that that’s out of the way, let’s get on to the main reason why we’re all here. My close encounters of the pee kind. Sorry. That was a terrible pun. Anyways….

*001*2024-10-21 19:47

1. COMMUTE

Let’s start with a classical one. For no reason other than I want to, I’ll tell you my pee stories out of chronological order. I know, so avant garde. I’m going for a whole Christopher Nolan vibe here. Maybe like in his movies, it’ll all come together in the end. Probably not though.

I won’t say exactly when, but this is a more recent story.

Having been a cosplayer for a handful of years now, it has given me opportunities to travel to some of the more major cons and actually get paid to do it. This was at New York Comic Con, and I was cosplaying as Beidou from Genshin Impact.

For those who don’t know, Beidou is a pretty sick character from the games. She’s a warrior pirate basically, and her costume is a mix of badass and sexy. She also carries around a huge sword. Do a quick Google search on her and you’ll see what I mean.

I wasn’t too familiar with Genshin Impact before this, but after reading up and playing a little myself, I got pretty hyped. Best of all, I didn’t have to build any of this cosplay!

A new start-up company that designs and produces high quality cosplay reached out to me and asked if I could demo their Beidou build at NYCC. All I had to do was walk the floor and the outside of the con and talk to as many people as possible, making sure to highlight and advertise the company and their product. I was more than happy to oblige, and the compensation was more than fair.

They sent me a package that contained the entire costume, along with props and accessories. I gotta say, the quality was amazing. My favorite was her sword, the Blackcliff Slasher. It came already put-together and with a nice paint job. It was light despite looking like it weighed forty pounds. The package came with a thank you note for collaborating with them, along with a disclaimer at the bottom:

“Handle with care. Please make sure to return all items without any permanent damage.”

Psh. At the time, I thought nothing of it. Of course I was going be careful with this costume. I had no plans of breaking it. Seeing the actual price tag for this alone made my heart skip a beat.

Fast forward a week later and I’m standing outside the Jacob Javits Convention Center at the corner of 11th and 34th, fully in Beidou costume with my legs tightly crossed because I had to pee so freakin’ bad. I thought back to that note and feared I might actually have to break that promise.

It was late afternoon, and I had spent the day walking the con floor in my full cosplay. The build kit turned out much better than expected, and I definitely turned a lot of heads. That was one of my favorite aspects of doing cosplay. If you did it right and pulled off the look, you’d get impressed looks and excited gasps from fans of the character you were portraying. It was gratifying for this line of work. I made sure to add a bit of attitude to Beidou’s strut to really sell the character. Even threw around some smirks and winks to those that caught my eye. Those who were outgoing or brave enough went up to me to chat me up or grab a picture. I was happy to oblige, and I told them to just make sure to tag the manufacturer of the cosplay kit when they post the photos online. I also sang my praises of the cosplay kit to everyone I talked to, and just like that I did my part.

I had other cosplayers complimenting me on my build and young boys giving me googly eyes. By far the most comments were about my hair, which is funny, because I did that one myself. The kit did come with a wig, but my hair color matched Beidou’s, so I decided to be adventurous and style my hair to match hers. Dare I say it turned out pretty amazing.

I peed in my hotel room toilet before getting into full costume, because I knew it would be a challenge to get in and out of this thing. The outfit was a black body suit under a red dress and cape accented with white fluff and some other small pieces. I also had on thigh-high black stockings and gold, open-toed heels. It would not be a walk in the park taking all of this off to go to the bathroom. So, I made sure to take careful small sips out of my water bottle as I made my rounds. I drank just enough to stay hydrated.

Despite that, my blader slowly filled as the day went on. Taking into account the large lemonade I had with lunch and a whole refill of my 32 oz bottle, the tank was pretty full by the time I walked out of the convention center.

As I stood on the corner of the street, waiting to cross, the first bladder pang hit. I pressed my thighs together and took a deep breath. It was getting to that point. I needed the bathroom real soon.

However, due to some booking snafus on my end, the hotel I was able to snag was 12 blocks away from the convention center, down in lower Manhattan. It would take me 45 minutes to walk there at a brisk pace, and that’s if I’m not in full costume. The only other option was to take public transport. The city bus for three blocks to the subway. Then it’s the 1 line going all the way down for 8 stops. Then a walk up the subway stairs, where it’s one more block to my hotel.

Laying it all out in my head, it seemed so daunting. And that made me have to pee even more.

The bus I was waiting for pulled up and opened its doors. Hefting my prop sword, I stepped in along with a few other passengers and found a seat on the bench to my left. I was more and more aware of my bladder by the minute. My full Beidou costume turned a few heads, but most of the bus passengers didn’t even bat an eye. I guess that’s New York City for you.

As the bus rumbled forward, I shifted my weight in my seat. It wasn’t so bad yet. I’ve been in this situation before and 9 times out of 10, I’ve prevailed. This was no big deal.

But another worry crossed my mind. The costume itself. The warning on the box that said no permanent damage on the costume.

My anxiety rose. In any other situation, if I peed myself in costume, sure, it would be humiliating. But now there’s the added stress of keeping this costume clean and dry or else I won’t get paid for this gig. There was no way this thing could be dry cleaned without permanently damaging it. I crossed my legs. I began to sweat.

My bladder filled even more, and I was getting desperate. The afternoon traffic was brutal, and the bus inched forward, further delaying my relief.

Every bump on the street and tap on the brakes was like a punch to the gut. I adjusted and leaned forward, which helped some, but didn’t provide total relief. I tried to distract myself by thinking of my next costume build, but then that lead thinking of builds that were easy to take off, that lead to taking of clothes to go to the bathroom, that lead to thinking about using the bathroom, and that lead me fantasizing finally unleashing the waters in me.

I had to shake myself out of it. Thankfully, my bus reached my stop, and it took all my strength not to bolt up and run out of the bus. I got up and carefully stepped off the bus, my huge prop sword trailing behind me. Right in front of me was the subway entrance. Halfway there.

I carefully descended the stairs, one hand on the rail while I lugged my prop sword with the other, careful not to let it touch the ground. I could now feel the liquids sloshing around in me, and it was making my heartbeat faster.

More stares from people in the subway platform. I guess a sword-wielding pirate warrior was a rare sight around these parts. I squeezed my thighs tighter, careful not to be too obvious because some people were definitely snapping pics of me. I didn’t mind. I want people to see this awesome costume. But they didn’t need to know that I’m bursting to pee. That’s a little embarrassing.

My train mercifully arrives 10 minutes later, and I quickly step into the crowded car. There were no more seats left, so I had to stand.

I grabbed onto one of the overhead handles and stood with my legs a tight X. I tried not to move, but the rocking of the train and the occasional bump on the tracks were making that difficult. The train making a stop was the worst. The brakes would engage and the train jolts to a rolling stop. Momentum carried me forward a few inches, and the liquids I held within sloshed to one side, then resettled. It started to hurt after the third stop.

I still had four stops to go, and I screamed at myself for being cheap and picking a hotel far away from the convention center to save a few bucks. Now I was paying for it in dividends.

But I had a mission. I asked myself what Beidou herself would do in this situation. I was wearing the outfit, but now I really had to be the character. I put myself in her mindset. She’s a badass pirate warrior. She’d suck it up and wait until she was in the proper facilities to seek relief. It was working. I could feel my will getting stronger at holding my waters back. Operation Reach the Bathroom and Not Ruin this Costume was still on, baby. Usually, I drop character as soon as I exit the convention premises. But if this was going to help me keep dry, so be it. Another stop went by. Then another. I was focused on my objective. I was going to make it to that toilet. Just waiting for me in my hotel room.

One of the subway passengers accidently bumped into me, and I nearly lost my balance. Thankfully I didn’t fall, but my life flashed before my eyes. For a couple of seconds, I thought I was going to lose control. My bladder was absolutely full now, and pee was going to burst out of me any minute now. I took a few deep breaths. Focused. I was probably close to breaking the overhead handle off.

I was going to make it. I was going to make it….

The train lurched to a stop, sending a pang into my bladder. I sucked air through my teeth. I can’t let even a drop out or else this costume is ruined. There was good news though, because I was finally at my stop!

I scurried out the doors, careful not to hit anyone with my sword or bump into the dozens of other people exiting the train. I saw the stairs to the street and made a beeline for them. I was nearly there. As I climbed the stairs, I could barely feel my full bladder. This was both good and bad. Good because it made moving around easier. Bad because I was reaching that point where I was feeling numb, and the floodgates could open any minute.

I reached the top of the stairs and was greeted by the loud cacophony of lower Manhattan. My hotel was only two blocks to the left. I started walking with the confidence of Beidou striding into battle. I was going to make it. My hotel came into view like a heavenly beacon of salvation. I pushed through the doors and rushed through the lobby, my eyes set on the elevator. I pressed the up button…

“Hey! Love your costume!”

I took a deep breath and smiled, pushing all the pain in my bladder down. I turned around. A 20-something guy in a Chainsaw Man graphic tee and ripped jeans was gawking at me. But he seemed genuine and nice.

“Thanks so much!”

“Did you make it yourself?”

It would’ve been too long to go into my whole spiel about the cosplay company, and I figured they could prosper without me advertising them to this one guy.

“Yeah! It was a tough build, but I loved how it came together.”

“Whoa. That’s so kickass!” He looked me up and down, but it seemed like he was admiring the costume more than my figure. At least I hoped that was the case.

My bladder reminded me of my pressing need, and I unconsciously crossed my legs. I really hoped this guy was bad at reading body language. I kept an eye to the numbers above the elevator doors. The light was slowly descending. Way too slow for my urgent situation.

“How long did it take you to make?” he asked.

“About two weeks. Lots of complex pieces.” My words came out rushed and breathless.

“Wait, don’t tell me. You’re in town for Comic con, right? I mean, kinda hard to tell from what you’re wearing.” He added a smirk and a chuckle. Oh no. This guy was trying to flirt now.

“I’ve, like, done some cosplays too. I did Robin last year. Jason Todd, obviously. All my friends said it was kickass.”

DING! The elevator doors opened. I tried to leave graciously.

“Well, it was nice to meet you. I gotta –”

“Wait! Um, sorry if this is awkward, but is it cool if I get a picture with you?”

I was hoping we’d get to this part sooner. I could’ve easily said no, but I try not to turn down people who genuinely just want a pic with an awesome cosplay. The elevator doors were still hanging open. Calling me towards them. I bucked up.

“Sure thing!”

“Really? Alright!”

Chainsaw Man guy took out his phone and put it in selfie mode. He awkwardly rested his arm on my shoulders as he raised his phone with the other hand.

I put on my biggest smile and a peace sign and he snapped a couple of photos. Whenever he’d look back at these pictures, he’d never know that I was fighting for my life holding my piss in. All he’d see was me and my practiced, cosplayer smile.

“Thanks so much!”

“No problem. Have a good day!”

The elevator doors started to close but I caught them at the last second. I quickly stepped in.

“Yeah, yeah, see you around! Wait, do you wanna –” The elevator doors shut but I could imagine what came next. He probably wanted to hang out later or get a drink. And I probably would’ve said yes, but that was the farthest thought in my mind in that moment.

I was now fully bent over in the elevator. Willing every drop of pee to stay inside me so this cosplay doesn’t get ruined. I would really like it if I got paid for this gig. I was so close to relief, which meant my desperation increased tenfold. My body was anticipating release and getting ready for it.

The elevator doors opened, and I stepped out. I hobbled down the hall, one hand in between my legs, and one dragging my gigantic sword behind me. I reached my room. Fumbled with the key card, nearly dropping it as the door beeped open.

I piled into my hotel room and shut the door behind me. I nearly pissed myself right there, on the spot. On any other day, I would’ve done just that. I would’ve succumbed to nature’s battle cry and fully soaked my pants and legs.

But on that day, I was wearing a full costume that cost upwards of 2 grand. And it was on loan.

Dropping my prop sword, I quickly, but carefully, took off the red cape with the white fluff and tassels. Easy enough. Just four buttons to unfasten. It fell on a heap on the carpet. I kicked off my gold heels as I struggled to unbutton the collar of my dress. I was grinding my thighs and was hopping from foot to foot to prevent disaster now.

“Mmmm… mnn… nnnggghhhh!” The desperate sounds I made were unintelligible but passionate. This whole time, the bathroom door hung wide open, and I had a clear view of the toilet. The lid up and the seat down. Ready to be used. Taunting me in the 11th hour.

I finally got the dress undone and carefully pulled it off, laying it gingerly on the bed. Then my gloves came off. Piled on top of the dress. All that was left was the body suit.

So. Freaking. Close.

I reached behind me and unzipped the tight suit. With some effort and a few shallow breaths, I pulled them down. My boobs popped out and I continued to tug the body suit down my abdomen, alleviating some of the pressure squeezing my bladder. I took the last few steps to the bathroom, as if crossing the finish line, going from the carpet of the room into the cold tile floor. I got the body suit down below my waist and let it fall to the floor as I hopped out of it and stepped in front of the toilet.

At long last, after what seemed like a thousand-mile journey, I had arrived to claim my prize. I had taken my very expensive costume off piece by piece, and all I had left on were my thong, my black stockings, and all of the accessories that adorned Beidou’s hair.

I turned around, swiftly pulled my thong down to my ankles, and sat down on the toilet.

Almost instantly, a loud, steady tinkle emanated from underneath me. I stared at the tile floor and concentrated as it quickly intensified into a heftier stream, noisily splashing the water below. The sound of my intense pee echoed in the tiny hotel bathroom as if it was immense applause for the journey I just endured. My toes curled from the relief as I spread my feet as wide as my thong would stretch.

“Haaaaaaaaaaaa……” The long sigh escaped my lips involuntarily. Thighs closed together, I leaned forward and crossed my forearms on my knees, and finally let myself relax. I no longer pushed on my bladder. I just let it all flow out.

As I continued to pee steadily, I looked up and saw all the pieces of my Beidou cosplay on the floor. They left a trail that led from the hotel room door all the way to me on the toilet. I let out another sigh of victory. I was so close to wetting myself, yet I prevailed at the end and held every single drop until I reached the bathroom. Beidou would be so proud.

I adjusted myself on the toilet as my stream weakened to a quiet trickle. While I waited for it to end, I thought about suggesting to the cosplay company to add an opening you can unbutton on the crotch of the body suit so you wouldn’t have to pull the entire thing off to use the bathroom. Other than that, no notes on the whole suit.

I pulled some tp off and wiped. As I stood up, I felt like a new person. After I washed my hands, I picked up each piece of the cosplay and started putting them back on. Time to be Beidou again.

That’s all I have for you guys right now. Stay tuned for more!

*003*2024-10-25 16:06

2. LABYRINTH

Here’s one for the spooky Halloween season.

In between college and grad school, I moved back home and lived with my parents for a couple of years to “figure out what I really want.” I ended up just getting more into cosplay and honing my skills in that craft. Having access to dad’s garage of tools and mom’s overflowing closet of old clothes certainly helped.

Now that my costume making skills were improving, I snagged a gig as a scare actor in the local corn maze and haunted hayride that my hometown does every year for Halloween. I loved going there when I was in high school.

Getting jump-scared by all the actors in gory and ghoulish make-up would be traumatizing for some, but for me, it was so much fun. Now, I got to be one of the people providing the scares.

The corn maze was held in a huge plot of farmland outside of town. It was started in the 80s by the farmer that owned the property. He built the very first maze all by himself. It was just a simple corn maze designed for kids really. A spooky but family-friendly vibe. It quickly got popular and a few decades later it was the place to be during October, whether you were a local or not.

When I interviewed for the gig, I brought pictures of some outfits I’ve put together and some make-up tests I’ve done for a zombie costume I was planning. I got hired on the spot and was assigned working the weekend shifts.

Every scare actor that was hired rotated between working the corn maze and the barn, which was converted into the haunted house of the property. I made two different costumes, one for the maze, and one for the barn. For the maze, I took one of my mom’s old blue and white dresses and fashioned it into a demented Alice in Wonderland outfit. I made some tears in the fabric, dirtied up the edges, and added fake blood in certain spots. My make-up required me to have dark shadows around my eyes and a bloody mouth. The blood continued down the front of my dress, and I also added latex flesh tears on my forearms. To complete the look, I had a rubber prop axe I’d carry around. Garnished with fake blood as well.

For the haunted house, I stitched together a pajama type onesie from various old clothes my mom was planning to donate. The idea behind it is that my character is one of the dearly departed residents of the house. Forever warning newcomers to stay away or suffer the consequences. I tore a hole in the midsection of the pajamas, smeared it with fake blood, and glued the hilt of a prop kitchen knife so it looked like it was sticking out of my stomach. I was stationed on the second floor and I’d stagger around the hall, screaming and groaning in pain. Every now and then, I’d lunge at someone who got too close. That was my favorite part.

My second night there, I lunged at a girl and her boyfriend when they tried to take a selfie with me. The girl screamed so loud, then she actually peed her pants! Like, her jeans darkened right in front of me as pee just gushed out of her. I felt kinda bad, but I had to stay in character. The girl was laughing as they left though, so I guess no harm done. That’s what you get when you serve beer at an event like this.

Anyways, this one happened on one of our busiest nights. It was sold out and lines to get into the parking lot extended for a couple of miles. I was working the corn maze that night, and that meant an endless stream of teenagers and families jumping away and screaming from us.

I was stationed about halfway through the maze, and my instructions were to lunge out at guests when they rounded the corner. I could scream, laugh maniacally, or say something spooky. As long as there was no foul language. Because apparently severed limbs and bloody faces are okay, but bad words aren’t.

Another group was rounding the corner. Four teenage boys trying to act brave. I had to make this one good. I braced myself and counted down. I had to time it just right. As the boys rounded the corner, coming off a jack-o-lantern head scare, I jumped out of my spot and screamed, holding my axe high. The four boys yelped like schoolgirls and ran past me further into the maze.

I quickly retreated into my carved-out alcove in the corn stalks. Now out of view of the visitors and with a break in the guest flow, I quickly bent forward and pressed my hands against my crotch. I let out a few breaths. My stockings grinded against each other as I clamped my thighs shut.

“Mmmmmm….. Ughhh.” After a few seconds, the wave of desperation subsided. I dared to uncross my legs just a little bit.

I’d already been out there for two hours, and both my Gatorade bottle and metal water bottle were empty. Next to them has my half empty Venti Starbucks iced coffee. I had to pee like a racehorse.

I thought I could hold it until my break, in which we rotated actors and the first batch got to have 20 minutes to just hang out. But that was still a half hour away, and the humidity that night kept me gulping down all my drinks. My bladder filled in record time, and now I wasn’t sure if I could last another 5 minutes. I reached for the walkie talking on the wooden crate where my empty bottles were and hit the talk button.

“Joe, it’s Cass. Need a temp replacement out here.” I tried not to sound desperate, but my voice sounded strained.

“Everything okay out there?” Joe at home base responded.

“All good. Just need the restroom.” I wish I didn’t have to say that on an open channel, but things were getting really bad.

“Gotcha. I’ll send Erica out there. Out.”

“Thanks.”

Another mini wave hit me, and I had to bend forward again. I knew this was going to happen. At home, before I left for my shift, I made sure to go to the bathroom and try to squeeze every drop out. I guess that didn’t matter, because when I got to the farm, I only had time to grab a snack and a small soda, then it was off to the corn maze for the first round of guests.

Two and a half hours didn’t seem so bad. I’d held on for way longer before. But I guess the thought of being so far away from the bathroom and limited access to a toilet made my need even more intense. I tried to calm myself. Erica was on her way. I just needed to survive until then.

Another round of guests were coming through my area, so I had to quickly compose myself and get back into character. I prayed that I’d be able to hold it all in.

Five minutes passed and no one came to relieve me. I tried keeping my head into scaring the piss out of our guests, rather than letting my own piss out. But it was tough. My need to pee increased as the minutes went by. I had to tone down my jump scares so I could keep my legs crossed while still in character.

Finally, after 15 minutes, Erica arrived to take over.

“Hey! Sorry, some kid puked in front of the barn and I had to redirect people.” She sounded genuinely worried. She was dressed like a zombie clown.

“No worries.” I said breathlessly. My legs were tightly crossed and I was bending forward.

“Oh wow, you look like you really need to go.”

“Seconds away from exploding.” I quipped as I hobbled out of my alcove and through the employee path of the maze.

“You can always just go in the field!” Erica called after me.

I had considered doing that, but there were too many people running around for that. No need to risk some teenage boy or family of five stumbling across me popping a squat in the middle of the cornfield.

I power-walked as fast as my clamped legs would allow me. The humidity and the stress of the situation was causing my face make-up to run down my face from the sweat. Which honestly, probably made me look even more demented.

When I reached the outside of the maze and got to the main grounds of the farm, I let out a whimper. The lines for the porta potties were insanely long. There was a row of 20 porta potties, and each one of them had a line of at least 30 people. My heart sank. There was no way I was going to make it.

Just to punctuate that, my bladder spasmed and pee spurted out of me for two seconds. I let out a gasp. I briefly considered going up to the front of the line and pleading with whoever was there to let me go first. As if. Those people probably had to go just as badly as I did.

There was a bathroom at the house in the property, but that was prohibited even for employees. The only other option was to clamp it shut and hope I could hold it for the long walk to the gas station at the end of the road.

Unless…

Erica’s words from earlier echoed in my head. “You can always just go in the field!”

I made my choice. It was the only way.

I whirled around and quickly hobbled back into the maze, through the employee entrance. Rushing through narrow path cutting through the corn stalks, with newfound determination, I was able to hold the flood back. I quickly bounded through each turn, vigilantly looking for a spot private enough to squat in. But the maze was closely packed, and everywhere you’d turn, you’d be within earshot of guests who are making their way through, or a scare actor in their designated zone.

My pee was screaming for release, so went deeper into the maze. I reached the point that was unfamiliar to me, but still, laughter and screams can be heard nearby.

Another spasm. I felt warmth as a light streak of pee went down the inside of my thigh and down my stocking. I was about to burst. There was no avoiding that now.

I turned to my right and stepped out of the carved paths. Now blindly going into the cornfield. There was a good chance I’d get lost, but at the moment I didn’t care. I just needed to find a place to pee in.

I was diving straight into the rabbit hole, just like Alice. I just hoped Wonderland had bathrooms.

The corn stalks were tougher to cut through than I thought, and I really had to yank them aside so I could get past. Leaves and corn smacked my face and arms as I tried to part them like going through a curtain. For I moment I forgot my unbearable need to piss and was locked in on cutting my way through. A couple of times, I nearly tripped over the bunched roots on the ground. Had that happened, I surely would’ve lost the battle and fully wet myself.

But my luck was starting to turn, and after a few minutes of blindly trudging through this nightmarish jungle, I found a small clearing. Only about the size of a small closet, it was a patch where the vegetation had wilted and died off.

The screams and activity of the maze sounded far off. I finally was at a part of the corn field that wasn’t being used for the maze. This will have to do.

“Oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck!”

I quickly hiked my torn blue dress up and reached for my tights and panties. I yanked them down, fighting the urge to just start pissing every where in that moment. At the same time, I got into a low squat. Once my underwear was below my knees, my bladder finally gave up.

Pee sprayed out from between my legs and soaked the dirt in front of me. My stream hissed loudly and angrily, as if chastising me for holding so long.

“Hooooooo…..” Finally, relief.

I was breathless as if I just ran a marathon. I held my Alice dress up, bunched around my waist, careful not to get any pee on it. My pee hissed for several seconds, and it would’ve been an amazing pee session had it not been for the noise a few feet to my right.

My ears perked up. I’d worked this gig enough to known what a footstep on dead corn stalks sound like. More footsteps. They were coming closer. Then there were voices. A bunch of them. They were fighting their way through the corn, getting closer to where I was.

“Please. Not now. Come on!” Of course, the universe just wouldn’t let me pee in peace.

These people were on a collision course with me, and I had to hide quick in case they came by. But I wasn’t anywhere close to being done. My bladder still felt so full. I had so much more left. The voices were getting closer. I could make out words now. They were a group of teenage boys. Probably going off to explore the restricted areas of the corn maze.

Great. The last thing I needed were a group of boys walking in on me with my panties around my shins and my ass out in the air. I concentrated and cut off my stream. It hurt and took a couple of tries, but the flood underneath me was reduced to droplets.

They were getting closer now, probably a few feet away from discovering this clearing.

I didn’t bother pulling my underwear up. I stood up, letting my dress fall to cover me, and quickly hurried into the corn, away from the voices. Just in time too, because as soon as I got behind the first layer of corn, the group of teenagers emerged into the clearing.

And wouldn’t you know it, it was the same group of teen boys that I scared the crap out of earlier. Fantastic. Love this for us.

I stood behind the corn just out of their view, praying that I was hidden well by the vegetation, because I was doing full-on pee dance at that point. My hands were fully buried on my crotch and I was bobbing from side to side. I pressed my lips together and tried not to make a sound, but now the pain was much worse. I really, really, really had to go.

An interrupted pee stream is much harder to hold back than one that hasn’t started yet.

The teenage boys were horsing around and making lame jokes, so at least they haven’t seen the girl in the horror make up bursting for a piss off to the side. They had beers with them, which probably explained why they snuck all the way out here.

One sat on the ground, dangerously close to my piss puddle. He didn’t seem to notice. He was focused on pounding his drink. The other cheered him on.

The other two also sat on the ground while the other paced around. They were shooting the shit and talking about that one “hot college girl in the zombie Alice costume” that they all totally wanted to ask out. Then they all teased each other that they were all chicken shit to actually do it.

Ugh. This can’t be happening.

It was clear that these guys won’t be going anywhere soon. I had to find a way out.

But the slightest movement cause the loudest sounds, so turning around and hobbling away would get their attention. My only choice was to continue my pee right where I stood, and hope I was hidden well enough that they wouldn’t notice.

With all the strength I could muster, I carefully spread my legs and got into a half squat position. Slowly but surely, I got there. Then, with breathless effort, I pulled my dress up just enough so it’s out of the splash zone. I quickly looked at the pesky intruders, who were distracted with passing around a vape pen.

With a deep breath, I started to urinate. It rushed out in a huge spurt.

I grunted softly as I slowed the stream, careful not to let it hiss or splatter too loudly. I was standing right over dirt, so there wasn’t much noise there. I slowly let more out, then settled into a slow trickle coming out of me. Any stronger would be loud enough to the intruders to hear. I covered my mouth to muffle any moans or sighs of relief. It was so uncomfortable, but after what seemed like several long seconds, I finally started to feel relief. It was amazing.

My body relaxed and turned to jelly as I paced myself in voiding my bladder. The intruders in the clearing didn’t notice, and I was thankful for that. I allowed myself a muffled sigh as my pee trickled out. After what seemed like an eternity, I was finally empty. And I felt light as a feather.

I looked to the clearing again, and the teen boys have finished their beers were heading out of the clearing. They disappeared into the corn on the other side, laughing and joking about one of their teachers from the sound of it.

As soon as they were gone, I nearly collapsed into the dirt. My legs were so tired from holding that position. Thankfully I kept my balance as I pulled up my underwear and straightened myself out.

Whew. I took a few minutes to compose myself. It was one of the most intense pees I’ve ever had to do.

It took a few wrong turns, but I finally found my way back to the actual maze and returned to my station where Erica was.

“Did you make it?” she asked.

“Um, you could say that.” I said with a mischievous grin.

*005*2024-10-28 19:51

Plenty more stories planned and some already written 🙂

*007*2024-10-31 16:44

3. DETOUR

How about an actual scary ghost story? Don’t worry, there’s still peeing in this one. Quite a bit actually…

Now, I don’t whole-heartedly believe in ghosts, but I am open-minded to their existence. Maybe it’s the Southeast Asian in me, but I knew enough not to taunt or screw with the paranormal. Have I ever seen a ghost? Perhaps. Let me tell you about the one time I did, and you decide if you believe me or not.

It happened years ago on a summer night. We had just graduated high school, and college was on the horizon. Naturally, everyone in my class threw parties to celebrate the milestone. Me and my friends were going to a party thrown by Athena, the resident theater kid of our class. She was so theater that her party was not just any party. It was a Great Gatsby themed party. That meant flapper dresses, opulent suits, and the glamour of the 1920s.

Perhaps this was my earliest exposure to cosplaying, because while my friends groaned at having to dress up, I was ecstatic over the idea. I pulled out all the stops, tracking down the right material and even sketching out my outfit. By the end of the process, I looked like I jumped straight out of the Baz Luhrmann Gatsby movie. I had a short black and grey flapper dress on, heels, faux silk gloves that went up my forearms, and even the head piece with the feather on it.

I was going to the party with my friends Whitney, Kendall, and Elena. We were all in the volleyball team together, and as with High School politics, that was your clique for all four years. Not that I was complaining. Us tall girls had to stick together.

We decided to pregame at Kendall’s house, because her parents were out of town and she had access to their liquor cabinet. We all arrived around the same time and went straight to raiding the cabinet. We popped open a bottle of wine and felt fancy as we drank it in glasses in our Gatsby costumes. An hour and two and a half bottles later, we may have overdone it as we were all bursting for the bathroom. Even Kendall, who was driving us that night, only took a few sips of wine, but guzzled down soda to match our drinking pace.

We crowded into Kendall’s bathroom, and being the most outgoing one of the crew, Whitney pushed us aside and said she was already leaking. She wore a long gold gown with a fake white fur boa. She hastily pulled up the fancy dress with one hand, yanked her lingerie down with the other, and planted herself firmly on the toilet seat.

“Ahhhhhhhhh,” moaned Whitney as a powerful stream escaped her.

The rest of us tried to wait, but alcohol buzz is a powerful thing.

“Okay, I’m seriously gonna pee myself!” exclaimed Elena. She had on a similar outfit to mine, a short flapper dress, but this one was royal blue. And if we’re being honest, a discount version of my outfit (she got it at Party City). She hiked her short dress up, lowered her panties, and hopped up on the sink. Elena gripped the edges of the counter as she proceeded to piss into the sink, a grin of relief plastered on her face. The rest of us took it in stride as if it was the most normal thing ever. Hey, if you shared a locker room for four years, any bit of modesty slowly fades away until there’s nothing left.

“Dude, what’s in this wine?” she said. Elena had to open her legs up to balance. Her stream was quieter but steady.

“I don’t know, but I’m about to burst!" I said.

Not to be outdone, I also felt adventurous and pulled my underwear down. With my dress up and butt exposed, I sat on the edge of the bathtub and released my pent-up urine into the clean white tub, where it noisily circled the drain. Breaking the seal just hits different, you know?

Kendall, being the sober one of the group, elected to stand with her legs tightly crossed and waited by the door, because she still had some common sense and decency left.

“You guys are so trashy. Can’t believe I’m letting you destroy my bathroom like this,” she said shaking her head.

“It’s cause you loooove us!” Elena giggled as she nudged Kendall with her foot from her perch on the sink. She nearly lost her balance, but Kendall caught her.

Three alcohol fueled piss streams echoed in the bathroom. True bonding time for the girls.

I don’t remember if we were talking about anything or if it was unprompted, but Whitney suddenly perked up on the toilet.

“Hey, have you guys ever heard of Klugman Road?” she said.

The rest of us looked back at each other, then back at her.

“That road outside of town? What about it?” asked Kendall.

“It’s, like, totally haunted,” Whitney tried to sound scary, but her loud pee stream dampened the effect.

Whitney’s family had lived in this town for generations. Kendall, Elena, and myself all moved here from elsewhere at different points before high school. So, it wasn’t surprising that Whitney knew all the town legends. She was a bit of a history nerd.

I took the bait. I was curious.

“What makes it haunted?” I asked.

“Okay, so back then when this town was just one street surrounded by farmland, there was a family that owned a pretty large plot around that area. The Klugmans. A father, mother, two sons, and three daughters. People didn’t know much about them, but they were kind and cordial folks. They lived a quiet life just raising cows and selling their milk. However, one winter was particularly harsh, and most of their cows died that season. They could never recover from that loss, and they started losing money. The family stopped going to church and showing up in town. Eventually, the sheriff went out there to check on them, and what he saw once he got to their property was burned in his memory forever.”

“Well, what happened? What did he see?” Elena asked, still peeing in the sink. It was down to soft trickles now.

“Hold, please.” Whitney tore off some tp, wiped, then stood pulling up her lacy panties. She let her dress fall back down.

“Finally!” said Kendall as she squeezed by her, undoing her suspenders. She was dressed in a snazzy 1920’s suit, unlike the rest of us who opted for dresses. Kendall pulled her pants down and sat on the seat, replacing Whitney’s power pee with a hissing gusher of her own.

Whitney adjusted her clothes and continued her tale.

“The sheriff found the whole family dead in their house, hacked to pieces with an axe. People thought the father went crazy from the harsh winter and murdered his whole family, but he was also cut up by the axe. Which means someone else had to have done it. The weird thing is, two of the daughters were never found. The twins. Everyone just assumed whoever came by and murdered the family kidnapped them and killed them elsewhere. But some think that it was them that killed the rest of the family because they got possessed by something evil. And now, they’re still out there, after all these decades, looking to find their way back home.”

Kendall’s pee stream died down, but she was invested in the story. She leaned forward on the toilet and hung onto Whitney’s every word. I’d stopped peeing a while ago, but I was still sitting on the tub, panties around my ankles, equally engrossed.

“Holy shit,” was all Elena could say from the sink.

“They tore down the farm and built a road going through the land. Named it Klugman Road in honor of the victims. But someone screwed up and buried them before a priest could come and give them last rites. So, some say the spirits of the Klugman Family also roam that road, forever trapped in this world. There’ve been murders and deadly accidents on that road since then, like the couple whose car broke down and went missing without a trace. Or that girl from a few years back whose body they found in the woods after prom night. Locals say it’s because of the Klugmans. Forever haunting that road. They say if you go down that road at night, make sure to stare straight ahead and never look into the woods. You might see one of the Klugmans looking back at you. And when that happens, it’ll be too late.

Whitney let that last sentence hang in the air for dramatic effect. No one said anything for a few moments.

Kendall flushed the toilet, and that was enough to snap Elena and I out of our trances. I quickly stood up and put my panties back on. No need to wipe now. I’d completely drip dried at that point. Elena hopped off the sink so we could all wash our hands. No one really acknowledged or commented on what we just heard. We were all too creeped out by the story.

Later, we piled into Kendall’s dad’s Lexus to finally go to Athena’s party. I was still thinking about the Klugmans and how horrible that crime was, but it had already started fading. Quickly replaced by excitement of who was going to be at the party.

The ride there was mostly uneventful, as Athena’s house was also on a bigger property on the outskirts of town. That is, until we came upon a bad wreck on the parkway. Cop lights were flashing and there was a backup of about 10 cars. A cop with a flashlight was slowly directing traffic around the accident area.

The halt in our progress made me aware of my rapidly refilling bladder. Even though I only peed 20 minutes ago, I could already feel myself having to go again. I hoped that this detour won’t take too long. The cop redirected us towards an exit on the parkway and straight into the backroads. It was the type of two-lane road that only had a streetlight every quarter of a mile. A low fog hung in the air, making everything seem way creepier.

“Um, can we speed up a bit?” Whitney asked from the back.

“Why, what’s up?”

“I kinda have to pee again.”

“Whit, you went like, five minutes ago.”

“I can’t help it! I have a small bladder.”

It was true. Whitney was always the one calling for bathroom stops whenever we’d drive anywhere. When we’d travel to district or state competitions, you could always be sure that it was Whitney who’d asked the bus to stop at the nearest gas station first. It didn’t stop her from trying to drink a gallon of water a day. She swears by its health benefits.

“Hang in there, peanut. We’re almost there,” said Kendall.

There was nothing on either side but trees and open fields, all shrouded in darkness. We were too busy chatting to really pay attention to where we were, but when we came upon a lonely intersection and Kendall’s GPS chimed in the next direction, my blood ran cold.

“Turn left on Klugman Road,” declared the electronic voice.

Kendall pulled the car to a stop. No one said anything for a few moments. I was riding shotgun so I dared to glance outside. Sure enough, a rusted green sign declared the crossing road was Klugman.

“Is this the right way?” Whitney spoke up.

“It says we’re only 3 miles away. This is the quickest route,” said Kendall.

“Maybe we can go a different way?” Elena piped up. She was the most superstitious of the group, and I could tell she was scared to go on this road. To be honest, so was I.

“It’s either here or turn around.”

Whitney was now squirming in her seat. “Can we make a decision soon, please? I gotta go."

My heart started pounding. I could suddenly feel all the liquid inside me clamoring to get out, so I crossed my legs. I had to ask.

“Are we sure Athena lives near this road?”

“Don’t even start, Cass,” Elena said as she shrank in her seat.

“I’m just saying…”

“Look, it’s just some story. Yes, it’s creepy, but that’s all they are. Stories.” Kendall put on her brave face and rolled the car forward. She turned the wheel left, and just like that, we were on the haunted road.

There was an air of uneasiness in the car as we rolled down the supposed haunted road. We all stared straight ahead, as if we’re worried that one of the Klugmans might make an appearance from behind the dark trees.

Unconsciously, I grabbed on to the handlebar above the passenger seat as it that would somehow keep me from getting taken. In the backseat, Elena had brought her legs up onto the seat and was in an upright fetal position. Next to her, Whitney was fighting a losing battle.

“Guys, I don’t think I can make it,” she said with a strained voice.

Her legs were in knots, and she was leaning all the way forward.

“Hang on, Whit. We’re almost there.” I tried to be encouraging, but at that moment I hade no idea how far we had left. “Kendall, how much longer.

Kendall looked at the navigation screen on the dash.

“Shit! Are you kidding me?”

I looked and saw with horror what she was cursing at. The navigation screen was frozen. The little car icon wasn’t moving, and above it loading wheel perpetually spun. The time to destination slot was blank. We were driving blind.

“That figures.” Kendall said. She sped the car up just a little bit.

“What happened?” Elena asked.

“GPS went out.” I said.

“No. no, no, no, no!” Whitney was almost in tears. “Guys, I have to pee so fucking bad. I’m gonna wet myself!

“Don’t you dare piss in my dad’s car. He’s gonna kill me!” Kendall was adamant.

“Then you gotta pull over. I’ll squat outside. I just need to go now!”

Elena’s eyes widened. “Are you crazy? We’re on freaking Klugman Road!”

I was too focused on my own needs. In the last three minutes, my need to pee had jumped exponentially. Maybe it was the stress of the situation, maybe it was sympathy for Whitney’s bladder, or maybe it was straight up fear from whatever might be lurking outside.

“They’re just stories, okay? They’re not real.” Whitney was hyperventilating now.

“How do you know that? You said it yourself. People have gone missing from this road!”

Kendall joined in. “I don’t see anywhere to pull over, dude. Just hold on.”

“Please! It’s really starting to hurt! I can’t hold it anymore!

Elena leaned forward. “Do not stop on this road. Kendall, don’t do it.”

I decided to side with Whitney. “Maybe we should pull over. Can’t be anything dangerous out there, right?”

My bladder was sufficiently full now, and the buzz from the alcohol made me need release very soon. But even with this desperate need, I didn’t believe my own words. I had the strangest feeling that there was something out there.

“Kendall! It’s coming out! I can’t! I can’t hold it! I’m starting to pee!” Whitney yelped.

Kendall slammed on the brakes. She unlocked the doors. “GO!”

Whitney threw open her door and nearly fell out of the car. Between short breaths, she frantically gathered her long dress up and fully squatted. She barely managed to move her panties to the side before a powerful jet of pee shot out and soaked the road.

“Haaaaa! Hoooooo! Ohhh my goshhhhh!” Whitney panted hard from the exertion. Her eyes were shut and her mouth hung open.

The sound of her cascading piss was too much for me.

“Fuck it.” I opened my door and got out of the car. I then hurried over to the other side, pulling my dress up and panties down. I squatted next to Whitney and shamelessly unleashed my own piss. It wasn’t as strong or loud as the gusher Whitney produced, but it still felt amazing to release. My puddle mixed with Whitney’s, and we enjoyed letting go of this burden together.

“Oh wow. That feels nice….” I sighed in relief.

“Guys, hurry up! I’m stopped in the middle of the road!” Kendall said.

I tried to pee faster, but it just kept coming. I looked up and found myself staring at the thick trees, and the darkness beyond them. There was something unsettling about the dark forest. Beyond the usual dark emptiness. I heard a branch snap, and my heart jumped to my throat.

“Did you hear that?” I whispered to Whitney.

“Huh?” she asked me through half-lidded eyes. She was too caught up in euphoric relief to notice that the strange sounds were coming closer.

They were definitely footsteps.

I rushed through the rest of my pee then quickly stood up. I yanked Whitney by the arm.

“Come on. We need to go, now.”

“Wait, I gotta wipe!”

“Nope, don’t worry about that right now. Let’s go!”

I managed to get Whitney back into the car, then I hurried into the passenger seat. Elena was freaking out.

“What is it! You saw something, didn’t you?”

I kept my eyes forward. “Kendall. Let’s go.”

Kendall put the car in gear, but out of nowhere it sputtered out and died. It was a brand new Lexus and it just went dead.

“What the hell?” Kendall turned the engine over, but it wouldn’t start.

“Ohmygodohmygodohmygod!!!” Elena buried her face in her hands and started sobbing. I started hyperventilating. Whitney was seconds away from completely losing it. I could feel something getting closer to the car.

With one more turn of the key and an expletive, Kendall got the car started! The dashboard lit up and the engine revved. Kendall floored it.

Now, this is where memory got a little tricky. What happened next may have happened, or perhaps I’m just confabulating after retelling this story so many times. As the car sped forward, I distinctly remember a loud thud on the roof of the car. And it wasn’t my imagination because Whitney and Elena yelped in terror. I looked to the floor and prayed that we’d get out of this cursed road. I was thankful I had the sense to pee when I did, because I for sure would’ve pissed all over myself by now.

I looked over to Kendall, who was locked in on driving us the hell out of there. As I looked at her, she glanced up at the rearview mirror. The look of horror on her face made my blood run cold. But she didn’t scream. She didn’t react beyond that. I was tempted to look backwards but I wasn’t sure if my heart could take it. It was already beating so fast.

Soon, streetlights appeared, then a cross street. Kendall made a sharp right turn and finally got us out of Klugman Road. Almost immediately, the GPS on the car returned to normal, and said we were 5 minutes away from our destination.

We rode in silence until we got to Athena’s property, which was a beautiful, rustic farmhouse on 6 acres of land. Several cars were parked along the side of the house on the west lawn.

Kendall pulled into a spot between two pickup trucks and turned off the engine.

I finally breathed a sigh of relief.

“Everyone alright?” Kendall asked.

Elena was in tears. “Kendall, I’m so sorry.”

Kendall and I looked back and saw that Elena had completely soaked the back seat. She was holding the same amount of alcohol Whitney and I did, but she refused to pee outside. I can only imagine her bladder gave out when that thing hit the roof.

“Oh sweetie, I’m so sorry.” Whitney reached over and hugged Elena.

“I’ll clean it up, I promise,” Elena said between sobs.

“Dude, don’t even worry about it. My dad barely uses this car.” Kendall was sympathetic. On more than one occasion she’d lost a battle against her bladder in front of us.

“I have a spare dress in my bag you can change into, El,” I said.

“Thanks, Cass.”

Whitney helped Elena out and I gave them the string bag that contained my spare dress. I’m glad I had the sense to pack another one in case a drink spilled on me or something. Whitney and Elena went inside the house to get cleaned up, while I helped Kendall dry the back seat using old towels from the trunk of her car.

Elena must’ve been super desperate, because it looked like a whole gallon of pee was spilled on the leather seats. As we cleaned up, something nagged in my mind.

“Hey Kendall, what was it that you saw in the rearview?”

Kendall was quiet for a few seconds. Then she looked my in the eye.”

“It was only for a second, and it might have been adrenaline or whatever, but when I looked in the mirror, I saw someone sitting in between Whitney and Elena in the back.”

My heart started pounding. I gulped.

“Who was it?”

“I don’t know. It was dark and I couldn’t make out any features. But it looked like a girl.”

That hung heavy in the air. We slowly looked at the back seat of her car. No one was in there, but it gave me the creepiest feeling.

“I think we’ve cleaned up enough.”

“Yeah, let’s go inside.”

Now, remember what I said at the beginning. I’m open to the existence of ghosts. I would’ve just written off what Kendall said to me as her imagination getting the best of her, or maybe the was straight up fucking with me. After all, I didn’t see what she saw.

That is, until later that night.

We were at the party for a few hours now and I had to pee really bad again. At this point I was sobering up and I had taken my heels off because my feet were starting to hurt. I finally got to one of the bathrooms on the first floor and stepped inside. It was a cozy bathroom with an old school tub and toilet. There was a window that looked out to the lawn where all the cars were parked. I was told the windows were tinted so no one could actually see you using the bathroom.

The toilet was directly across from the window, so if the whole tint thing was a lie, anyone outside was about to get a show.

I lifted the lid and turned around, ready to pull my underwear down and relieve myself. But something caught my eye.

From where I stood, I had clear line of sight to Kendall’s car parked in the lawn. I blinked and what I saw was forever burned into my mind.

There was a figure sitting in the backseat. It was shrouded in darkness, but I could just make out frazzled long hair. I was just with Kendall, Whitney, and Elena in the living room, so it couldn’t have been them. I could hear my heart pounding in my head.

Then the figure turned towards me. I could make out the faintest white dots for eyes. It was staring at me.

I let out a gasp, and I felt such cold terror. My bladder lost all control. Pee soaked through my underwear and ran down my legs. It splattered on the floor, forming a puddle around my bare feet right in front of the toilet. I just stood there, letting it all come out. I could only focus on the thing in the back seat.

My pee lasted several seconds, now a messy stream falling out from underneath my dress as I stood frozen.

When it was down to the last drips, I felt like I could move again. I looked down and realized I had just completely pissed myself right in front of the toilet. Embarrassment never even crossed my mind, because my mind was trying to wrap around the fact that I may have just seen a ghost.

My breathing returned to normal, and I stepped out of my massive pee puddle. It felt like I was in a trance. A terrifying, frozen trance.

I dared to look back up, out the window and towards Kendall’s car.

But the figure was gone.

Happy Halloween! 👻

*010*2024-11-07 17:45

4. MERCY

Okay, here’s one that still keeps me up at night. This one happened several months ago.

This story starts in an unexpected place: With me already on a toilet in a public bathroom stall. I was sitting with my usual pee stance of knees together, feet slightly apart, and elbows resting on my thighs so I could scroll through my phone. Down below, I was letting loose the morning’s share of orange juice, coffee, and water. I let out a little sigh of relief as the sound of my piss loudly filled the bathroom.

Oh, and another thing you should know: I’m literally dressed like a battle angel as I’m peeing.

I was at Dragon Con in Atlanta and I was debuting my Overwatch cosplay of Mercy. The angelic healer of the squad. It was my most intricate and proudest work yet. I went with the classic Mercy look, with the white armor, orange and black accents and gold-tipped wings. The armor pieces I made from lightweight plastic via my friend Eric’s 3D printer. I’m wearing basic under armor clothes that match her color scheme, so black leggings and a black long sleeve top. Smaller white plastic armor pieces adorned my arms and shoulders, giving it all the illusion that it was all one continuous suit of armor. Over the underclothes, I wore an orange and black tunic that served altered so the flowing pieces of her costume in the front and the back. Over this tunic was the main torso armor piece. The wings, halo headpiece, and healing staff I made from DIY materials I found at Goodwill. You’d be surprised what you’ll find there if you’re looking hard enough.

By far the most expensive pieces were the blonde wig, and the leather boots to go with the outfit. I added black plastic pieces to the boots to make them look futuristic. They were designer brand, but I figured it was time I splurged a bit. Plus, they were comfy and I could use them for other future builds. I’d just done a preliminary walk of the convention floor and got some pics with some super cool cosplayers from the West Coast when I started to really need the toilet.

At the moment, those armor pieces, wings, and healing staff I’d spent weeks meticulously building were littered across the bathroom floor. My leggings and panties were pulled down to the top of my high-cut leather boots and I had the hanging flaps of my black and orange tunic wrapped around my torso to prevent it from getting splashed.

I squeezed out the last few trickles as I scrolled through my phone, liking and resharing the Dragon Con posts from my mutual friends also at the event.

There was a knock on my stall door. It was Nicole.

“Ready to suit back up?” she said from the other side.

Nicole was my best friend, and she was the one that got me into cosplay in the first place. She was my go-to cosplay partner, and we usually went to cons together.

“Gimme a sec.” I put my phone away, quickly wiped, and pulled my pants up. I unlocked the stall door and Nicole joined me inside as I flushed.

She was dressed in her Batwoman costume that she’d been working on for the past two months. It was the Kate Kane rendition, complete with scarlet red wig and all.

Nicole held up an Allen wrench. The key to my whole costume.

Now that my underclothes were sorted, it was time to put the Mercy armor back on. Nicole helped me put the front and back pieces of the torso together, and she tightened the fastenings along the side with the Allen wrench. Essentially locking me in place. The coat tail fell in behind the armor, and Nicole secured the angel wings in place with the same fastening system with the Allen wrench. It allowed me to have a wide range of motion in costume and not make it so cumbersome.

I’d like to say I came up with this ingenious design, but I just saw it on YouTube and replicated it. The only downside to it was to undress and redress the armor, a second person needs to help fasten everything in place. Once my costume was back together, I went to the sink and washed my hands. I put on my gloves on and picked up my healing staff, ready for another round of walking the floor.

For the next couple of hours, Nicole and I traversed the con floor, meeting up with friends in the community and getting pictures with the intricate displays. We saw a lot of cool stuff in artists’ alley and resisted the urge to buy all the awesome merch we came across.

The cool thing about Dragon Con is that it’s spread out through five different downtown Atlanta hotels, with their convention spaces and lobbies being the main thoroughfares for con goers. That meant a lot of walking outside as much as inside. Every so often, a convention goer would marvel at my cosplay, and I’d oblige by saying a Mercy line from the video game and activated the mechanism that extended my wings outward. Pictures were taken with people, and I’m hoped the girls that were awestruck at my costume would be inspired to do their own amazing cosplay one day.

Nicole also had her own share of comic book enthusiasts and casual con goers excitedly checking out her Batwoman cosplay.

It was a hot day under the Atlanta sun so we both carried large metal water bottles that we constantly drank from. When we walked outside, we gulped down our waters. Gotta stay hydrated you know?

We had lunch at one of the food trucks outside. The Korean fusion one. It was delicious. I also got a large soda with it, to wash down all the spicy meat and kimchi over rice. Looking back, I should have been more careful about my liquid intake, given my costume situation. Alas, I had thrown caution into the wind.

I started to feel the slightest need to pee as we finished lunch. It was very minor though, and I was confident I could last until the end of the day. Taking off this armored cosplay was such a hassle, and I wanted to do that as little as possible.

Nicole and I continued our journey of the massive con floor. As we entered the Hyatt Regency and joined the crowds of con goers and cosplayers hanging out in the convention center lobby, I saw Nicole’s face light up.

“Hey, Amy! Sup girl!”

I turned to see who she was calling to, and my jaw dropped. It can’t be. No way. At the center of the Hyatt lobby floor, none other than Auroracosplays793 was getting her picture taken, posing under the Dragon Con banner. She was one of the first people that I started following when I got into cosplay. Her sewing and modding techniques I followed to the letter, and I had fantasized that one day I could do cosplaying as a full-time profession like she did. She’s so well known that she had her own glam artist and photographer following her around as she walked the con.

And she just responded to the name Amy.

“Nikki! Oh my gosh! How are you!” She dropped her badass pose and went over to us. Aurora, er, Amy, was doing what she did best: mashup cosplays. She’d take two characters or two concepts and mix them into one amazing looking cosplay. That day, she was dressed as Princess Peach from Super Mario brothers, but a Mad Max post-apocalypse version of her. Complete with a mechanical looking arm. So Furiosa Peach, I guess.

I tried to stay cool, because literally my cosplay idol was coming over to talk to us. I took deep breaths. Played it casual. Tried to look cool. But I suddenly needed to pee more.

Nicole and Amy hugged like old friends. I stood awkwardly not knowing what to do with my arms.

“I’m doing great, babe. You look stunning!” Nicole said.

“Oh stop. This was a last-minute build. Love your Batwoman.” Amy turned towards me. OMG she was looking at me!

“Hi! You look soooo fantastic! This is, like, the best Mercy I’ve ever seen.” Amy admired the costume I built. My heart skipped a beat. The volume of the pee inside me increased again.

“Oh, er, thanks! Yeah.” I could’ve punched myself in the face. Was I really fangirling? Embarrassing.

“Amy, this is my bestie Cassie. I got her into this whole nerdy thing.” Nicole hooked her arm around mine. I just nodded and smiled dumbly.

“Amazing! It’s great to meet you, Cassie. I taught Nikki over here everything she knows.”

“Okay, sure bud.” Nicole said.

“Cool. Heh.” Was all I could say. Please, kill me now. I gave Nicole a look as if to say, “How the heck do you know each other?”

Nicole seemed to read my mind. “Oh, Amy and I met at my first con in Seattle. I was still starting out and she was kind enough to be my buddy when walking through the floor.”

“To be honest, I didn’t know anyone there. So, I just hung out with Nikki cause she seemed chill and didn’t want to just take photos of me.”

“I love your work. It’s awesome.” I blurted out. Stupid, stupid, stupid.

“Thanks so much! Do we follow each other on Insta?” Amy took out her phone. I indeed followed Auroracosplays793 on Instagram. I liked a lot of her posts. And I could tell you she definitely doesn’t follow me back.

Her glam artist walked over. She was in plain clothes with a con badge on a lanyard and had a bag of make up and tools hanging by her side.

“We have a couple of hours to walk the floor. We should do photo ops on the outside terrace while the light is still good.” The glam artist said.

“Wow, busy schedule huh?” I was starting to relax. The fangirling was leaving my system. What was entering my system, however, was more liquid for my bladder. “It’s so cool that you have your own team.”

“I wouldn’t say team. This is my sister, Jenna. She’s anal about schedules but amazing at makeup. And that’s my boyfriend, Amir. He’s taking photography classes.” The guy with the huge Nikon camera waved at us.

“It’s about time he took classes.” Nicole said with a grin.

“Hey, you guys wanna join us for a bit? Could use some photo buddies.” Amy said.

I resisted the urge to scream YES. Instead, I met Nicole’s gaze, and she was already smirking. She knew I was over the moon. Photos with my cosplay idol? Hell yeah!

“We’d love to.”

“Awesome, let’s go!”

Now a tight unit, we walked the next hotel over and took photos with Amy’s photographer boyfriend. It was surreal getting to pose in cosplay pics with Amy. I had expected her to be otherworldly and very serious about the art. But she was just as chill and down to earth as all of the other amazing people I’ve met in this community. She was also very gracious and offered tips about better builds and geeked out over video games and comics. I might have been falling in love.

We all got large boba teas an hour later, and I downed that thing because I’m a sucker for sweet drinks. Amy encouraged both of us to enter the cosplay contest with her. It’s a thing that all cons do where those who dare get up on stage for their costume to be judged and scored. Nicole’s done it a couple of times, but for me, it would be my first.

By now, my bladder was getting pretty full, and it was time to start looking for a bathroom. It didn’t help that my armor suit was made to fit my resting torso size, so any bulge from my bladder would be met with resistance. I could already feel it pressing against the inside of my armor.

“Come on, let’s line up!” Amy said.

The cosplay contest was in an hour, but people were already lining up outside the ballroom to be considered. Amy led the way to the line. As me, Nicole, and Amy fell in, a half dozen other cosplayers got in line behind us.

I looked around, worried. Trying to spot the nearest bathroom. If there were a time to go pee, it would be now. It would be the end of me if I wet myself onstage in front of hundreds of people.

“Um, I think I’m gonna go use the bathroom.” I made eye contact with Nicole, giving her the signal, because I needed her help getting my armor off.

“I got you, babe,” said Nicole.

But as we stepped out of the line, a group of novice cosplayers approached us, marveling and geeking out at our costumes. They particularly loved Nicole’s because apparently, they were all fans of the CW superhero shows. Nicole chatted them up, as she always did, and they asked to get pictures with her. I concentrated on holding it and hoped that they’d get done soon.

“I’ll go with you!”

I turned around, and Amy was already grabbing my hand as she bounded out of the line. “I have to pee too. Let’s go.”

Before I could turn back to Nicole, my cosplay hero was already pulling me towards the bathrooms. The thought of needing to ask the Aurorocosplays793 to help me pull my suit off so I could go pee was mortifying, but the pangs in my bladder took precedence.

The nearest restroom already had a line out the door, so I tried not to look too nervous as Amy and I got in line. I had to distract myself.

“So, what got you into cosplaying?” I found myself asking Amy.

She thought about it for a couple of seconds, then went into this whole, well thought out, answer about being able to express herself in different ways, as well as giving people joy to see certain characters come to life. I hadn’t thought about it that way, but I really appreciated her perspective. Amy was a good conversationalist. She was animated and passionate about everything she talked about, and she made sure to really listen to whoever else was speaking. Maybe that’s why she was so popular on social media.

The distraction was working. The line to the bathroom steadily advanced, and I wasn’t thinking about my growing need to urinate. Amy and I chatted about our favorite horror movies, then she suddenly crossed her legs and bounced up and down.

“Holy crap. I have to pee soooo bad! This line, huh?” Amy was very animated with her movements, and she seemed the type that had no compunction about announcing her bathroom needs to a room full of people.

“Yeah, but we’re almost there. You think you’ll place in the contest?” I said, trying to change the subject.

“Oh man, have you ever peed yourself while in costume?” Amy was getting comfortable around me. But I wasn’t about to admit to her yes, I have peed myself in costume before.

“No, but there’ve been close calls.” I said, forcing a chuckle.

“There was this one time, I was doing a photoshoot as Samus from Metroid, so the suit was like, real tight. Impossible to get out of by yourself. And it was my first big photo gig, so I was super nervous. I kept gulping down my water. The shoot ran long and I was too embarrassed to ask to stop cause I needed to go to the bathroom.” Amy was on a roll with her story.

This didn’t help my current predicament at all, and I crossed my legs even tighter.

“Finally, the photographer said all good, and I ran, and I mean ran, to the bathroom. I was tearing at my suit the whole time, and finally I got to the stall.”

“Did you make it?” I was invested at this point.

Amy smiled a devious smile. “Don’t tell anyone, but nope. Totally peed myself right in front of the toilet. And the suit was so tight that most of the pee kinda stayed inside until we could get the suit opened up.”

“Oh wow,” was all I could say.

“Sorry, that was TMI. But yeah, having to pee while cosplaying is no joke.”

“Tell me about it,” I said as another bladder pang hit me.

Thankfully the line was moving faster now, and Amy and I reached the front soon after that. The large handicapped stall opened up, and Amy stepped forward to take it. She stopped at the door and looked at me.

“Come on, let’s go.” She beckoned me inside. I was not expecting this. One of the most popular cosplayers on social media and in the community is inviting me to share a bathroom stall with her. What a strange day it had been.

I quickly locked the stall door behind me. When I turned around, Amy was already hiking her pink, battle damaged dress up, and lowering her tights and underwear to her ankles.

“Hope you don’t mind. I hadn’t peed since this morning.” Amy said as she plopped her shapely butt down on the toilet.

“Oh no worries. I’m good.” I lied. Being within eyesight of the toilet was absolute torture. But I wasn’t about to cut in front of Amy the cosplay trailblazer. And apparently, we’re now at the point in the friendship where we can watch each other pee.

What came next was even more torture, as Amy unleashed a loud, thick, hissing stream into the toilet. The water below her sizzled like a deep fryer, and Amy tilted her head up and let out an almost sexual sounding moan.

Earlier when I was in the bathroom, I was just scrolling through Amy’s previous Dragon Con posts. Commenting and liking. Never in a million years did I think that just a couple of hours later, I’d be watching her release a furious pee stream in a public toilet. And I could see everything. Amy sat with her legs wide open and her upper body leaned back. This was way too intimate for me, so I turned around to give her some privacy. I had my own needs to take care of. I reached into the pouch on my utility belt that contained the Allen wrench and…

And… my heart jumped to my throat.

The Allen wrench wasn’t there! I could’ve sworn I put it there after the last time used the bathroom… right? Right? Fuck! Maybe I left it because I went to wash my hands and put my gloves on and forgot it in the stall! I searched all my pockets and pouches in my costume. It was definitely gone. Oh God, this was the worst thing that could happen. Oh no, oh no, oh no… I had to pee so freaking bad!

I heard the toilet flush behind me. I turned around, and Amy was pulling her tights back up.

“Whew! Much better. Your turn?”

I wanted to. Oh, so badly did I want to sit down and relieve myself. But I lost the one tool that could free me from this armor. The plastic coverings went over my pants, so they had to come off before I could pull my pants down. I was basically trapped in this costume without that Allen wrench.

And perhaps it was pride, stupidity, or sheer embarrassment that then willed me to make the next decision.

“Actually, I’m good. I guess I didn’t have to go that bad.” I said, forcing on a smile.

Amy turned around from the sink and looked at me, puzzled.

“Are you sure? A minute ago, it looked like you were about to wet yourself.”

She had no idea how right she was. I was still in agony. But I wasn’t about to show my pain and weakness to Auroracosplays793. Losing the tool to unlock your costume was day one stuff. I couldn’t believe how careless I was. Amy would definitely judge me for that.

“Yeah, it’s so weird. I really had to go, but then it just went away.”

“Huh. That’s actually happened to me a couple of times before. Like when I was taking the BAR exam. Was desperate halfway through, then shwoop. Gone.”

“Right? No idea how it works. I’ll just go pee after the contest.”

“Okay.”

Amy picked up her prop machine gun, and I followed her out of the stall. I mentally said goodbye to the toilet, my only shot at salvation. My bladder screamed.

We returned to the line for the contest. It had only moved a few feet. Nicole noticed the subtle panicked look on my face.

“You good?” she asked.

Amy was right there, and I didn’t wanna look weak, so I just nodded. I was going to have to hold it all the way through the cosplay contest, then make up an excuse to head back to our hotel down the street, where I had backup tools in my suitcase. Oh, and you know, not completely piss myself in the process.

The doors to the hall finally opened up, and they started letting in the contenders for the contest. I can only manage small steps forward one at a time now. I was absolutely bursting.

They had the contestants line up along the side of the hall, leading all the way up to the stage. A panel of 5 judges dressed up as various Avengers sat in front of a long table facing the stage. Amy, Nicole, and I were in the middle of the pack, and I estimated there to be 40 people ahead of us. Nicole and Amy chatted away but I stayed silent. I had to divert all my attention to holding back the flood that was inside me.

My mind tried to think of alternatives to getting this costume off. If I couldn’t make it back to the hotel room where my tools are, I could rip my leggings open and just pee right through them. But then I’d soak my underwear. And these leggings weren’t cheap. Destroying my armor just to get out of it was also an option, but there was no guarantee I’d get it off fast enough. I could trap myself even more. Plus, all my hard work on this costume would be wasted.

The hall filled up with con goers excited to see the best of the best cosplays. I gulped. There were easily 150 people spectating the event. And more were coming in. This would be the worst place to have an accident. In front of dozens of my peers and a whole crowd of watchers. But my delusional mind told me that I could make it. I’d prevail and make it all the way to my hotel room to properly take my costume off and relieve myself on the toilet. Just like that one time in New York when I cosplayed as Beidou.

The contest got underway. The MC of the event, a charismatic guy with a Deadpool costume on, introduced each contestant with a quip. The contestant then steps onto the stage, does a flourish of some sort, then dramatically exits. The judges get a couple of minutes to deliberate, then it’s onto the next one.

A spurt of pee suddenly escaped me and soaked through my underwear. It was so surprising that I let out a little gasp. I squeezed my thighs tighter. The line was moving at a snail’s pace because Deadpool was improving with each and every contestant. At this rate, I wasn’t going to make it. Something had to be done.

Nicole pulled me close and whispered. “Seriously, are you okay? You look sick. I can go get a medic.”

I shook my head. It was time to swallow my pride.

“I have to pee so badly. I’m literally about to explode,” I whispered back.

“You didn’t go with Amy earlier?”

“I lost the tool. I can’t get my costume off!”

A serious look crossed Nicole’s face. I knew what was coming. She was in protective sister mode. She grabbed me and pulled me out of the line.

“Come on, let’s get back to the hotel.”

“Guys, everything okay?” Amy asked.

“Babe, I’m so sorry. We’re gonna have to sit this one out. Something we ate earlier, or maybe just this costume. I’m feeling real sick. Cass says she’ll help me up to the hotel room.”

Somehow Nicole always knew the right thing to do. She took the hit for me, because she could see that I was too embarrassed to let my needs be known in front of Amy.

“Oh no! I hope you feel better. Get some rest and hydrate, okay?” Amy looked genuinely concerned.

“Will do. Catch you later, Ames!”

“It was so nice to meet you, Cassie. We should hang later!”

Through the burning pain in my nether regions, I managed a smile.

“Totally! And good luck on the contest!”

As I turned around, away from Amy’s view, my face returned to twisting in agony.

Nicole guided me out of the hall, and through the convention center lobby. I was on autopilot at this point. There was that familiar numb feeling from the waist down. The feeling I only get when I’m at my absolute breaking point. Everything around me was muted and blurred, and my only connection to the real world was Nicole’s touch and her soothing voice.

I felt like I was holding an entire ocean inside me. And every slight shift in my tight armored costume threatened to blow the dam wide open. I wasn’t sure I was going to make it.

“Cass, you with me? How you holding up, babe?”

“It’s really bad.” My strained voice managed to say. “I can’t…”

“Hey, don’t think about that, okay? We’re almost there. Just hang on.”

Bright sunshine hit my face as we exited the convention center. Our hotel room was at the Sheraton, which was a block away from the middle three hotels. Go figure. We traversed the sidewalk, passing by other con goers in intricate costumes.

The Sheraton was in sight, and Nicole was trying to keep my mind occupied by talking about her next costume build. Something from Bioshock Infinite, I think.

There was so much pee in me I could barely think. Realistically, even if we made it to the hotel room, we’d have to go through the painstaking process of getting the tools and taking the armor off. And those precious minutes might make all the difference between pee going into the toilet or pee getting on the floor. Man, there was so much pee in me…

I gasped. Another spurt escaped me, and it definitely soaked the front of my pants. I thought too much about peeing. Dammit! This was it. The dam was bursting.

“Oh shit! It’s happening... I’m going, I’m going, I’m going!”

I untangled myself from Nicole and hobbled to the nearest alley to my left.

“Cass, wait!”

“Nononononono…” I had my hands shoved deep in my crotch as I hurried for cover, but I knew the battle was lost. I felt hot piss explode from my urethra, soaking my pants and running down my legs.

I grunted in pain as my pelvic muscles completely gave out. I froze next to a dumpster and bent into a squatting position in an attempt to save my boots, but there was no point. They were already being flooded from the faucet that had been broken open.

“Ohhhh Nicole…. I’m… I’m peeing…I can’t stop!”

A muffled hiss snarled from between my crossed legs as I peed myself for what seemed like five whole minutes. A moan of relief escaped my lips, and I had to lean on the dumpster to keep from falling over. I was doubled over as if a boxer had just unleashed a combo on my abdomen. Pee splattered in a huge puddle around me.

“Haaaaaaaah…..haaaaaah….haaaahhh!” I gasped for air as my bladder emptied, now realizing how much energy I spent holding all of that pee in. It just wouldn’t stop coming out.

My legs felt so warm, and my face burned from embarrassment.

After an eternity and a half, my pee finally stopped. I was standing in a lake of piss, and my Mercy cosplay had been ruined from the waist down.

I still held onto the dumpster for support. Gasping for breath like a fish out of water.

“Cass…? You okay, hun?” Nicole carefully approached me.

I uncrossed my legs, and a few more spurts of pee made its way out. I looked down to inspect the damage. My pants were absolutely soaked. Pee had accumulated inside my boots, so there was no saving them. I felt like crying. Partly because the costume I’d worked so hard to put together is utterly ruined, and partly because I’d just pissed myself in public as a grown woman.

Nicole put her hand on my shoulder.

“Hey, it’s okay. Come here.”

She pulled me into a hug. I let out some sobs, but her warmth was comforting. I let myself feel sad for a few minutes, then I forced myself to move on. Thankfully I had the sense to rush into the alley when disaster struck, so Nicole was the only real witness to my accident. On top of that, my pants were black, and the flaps of Mercy’s coat also covered the front. So even though I was absolutely soaked, it wasn’t that noticeable.

Could’ve been worse, I guess.

I took off my boots one at a time and poured the pee out. Then put them back on. It felt gross, but the relief I felt from that huge piss far outweighed that. It felt so good not to be burdened by that much urine now.

Nicole and I walked the rest of the way to the Sheraton, the hot Atlanta sun quickly drying up my wet footsteps on the sidewalk. Nobody seemed to notice my wet pants as we walked through the lobby, though I had to decline a couple of photo requests from people. I felt bad but it was for the best. They shouldn’t see their Overwatch heroes wet themselves.

When we reached the hotel room, I went straight to the bathroom. Nicole came in with the spare tool and together we took off my cage of a costume. I let the armor drop to the floor. I then peeled off my sopping wet clothes and pulled off the blonde wig. I let my real hair down. Now completely naked, I immediately stepped into the shower. The hot water felt good. Like washing away all the humiliation and sadness.

While I was in there, I saw Nicole through the fogged glass start taking her utility belt off.

“You gonna join me?” I giggled. It was a joke, but I surprised myself at how brazen I was with that. I’d never done that before. Maybe it’s because I felt Nicole and I had now crossed an intimate boundary. She’s seen me wet myself.

“You wish. Seeing you so desperate made me have to pee too.”

Nicole took off her cape and yanked down her pants. I watched her blurred figure take a seat on the toilet. Despite the blast of the shower, I could still hear her distinct steady tinkle over the noise.

“Hey Nicole?” I said as I lathered myself with soap.

“Yeah, babe?” she said over her steady pee.

“Remind me never to do Mercy ever again.”

“Hah. You got it.”

I wish I could tell you that this was the only time I pissed myself while in costume. But I don’t want to lie you guys 😉

*012*2024-11-15 17:20

5. ENDGAME

Ever had to pee really bad while watching a movie in theaters? I’m sure it’s happened to everyone, but I bet you it’s never happened to you as bad as it did to me when I marathoned the last two Avenger’s movies in a skintight costume. Add in a couple of large sodas, and… well, I don’t wanna spoil it…

This was a few years back when I was still a bit of a novice in the cosplay world. But I’ve made friends with some really cool people in the community already. It was Nicole who messaged me about an epic double feature of Avengers: Infinity War and Avengers: Endgame happening for one night only that weekend at the brick-and-mortar theater downtown. She had immediately snagged 3 tickets and thank goodness she did. That event sold out in under an hour.

The third ticket went to Rowan, our mutual friend and our most recent convert to the church of cosplay. Her first con was a week earlier, and she went all out with her Katniss Everdeen costume. That’s a pretty good starter cosplay. Not too complex, but instantly recognizable if done properly.

The night of the double feature came, and the three of us showed up 45 minutes before showtime. Despite that, there was already a line rounding the block of nerds and cosplayers like myself who’re just ecstatic to relive the glory days. Obviously, all three of us were in MCU cosplay.

Tonight, Rowan opted to go with Scarlet Witch as her costume. Being a natural red head, it was the logical choice. She was wearing the Civil War-Infinity War era Scarlet Witch suit, so it was a simple corset over black shirt and leggings. And matching maroon boots and faux leather overcoat. Pretty darn good.

I wore my Spider-Man costume which I modded myself. It was a high quality costume store onesie, but I added extra length to the pant legs and sewed them directly into the soles of a pair of old sneakers I had. They were falling apart, and I salvaged the bottom parts for this purpose. The result is a pretty convincing Spider-Man costume that I was pretty proud of. It’s one of the first DIY builds I did.

I also opted to go without the mask. Watching a movie through the Spider-Man mask was not ideal, so I just wore my hair down and had minimal “battle-scar” makeup on. So, I’m like Spider-Man at the end of every movie, where somehow his mask always comes off.

As you might have guessed, the suit is as skintight as they come, and every curve of my figure was on full display. I was extra self-conscious about it, but I started gaining confidence when a few people in line for the theater complemented me on my suit when we arrived. It was a little chilly that night, so I wore my yellow jacket that looked close enough to a blazer. That way I can say I’m Peter Parker from Spiderman Homecoming, wearing the yellow decathlon blazer over his suit in some of the promo posters.

And yes, going pee required taking off the whole thing and pulling it down my legs. Basically, I had to get naked to pee. And because the suit was tight and any bra and panty lines would stand out, all I had underneath the web suit were pasties to cover my nipples and my skimpiest panties. I wasn’t worried though. The suit is pretty comfortable and durable, and I tested out its bathroom functionality when I went pee at home before leaving for the movie.

Nicole was cosplaying as Gamora, down to painting her face and hands green and wearing a wig to match the character’s hair. Her and I have a fairly similar build and body type, so she looked pretty badass with her prop sword and mean face.

We had met up at Nicole’s apartment, where we partook in some pita and hummus as well as iced tea. Nicole just knows how to brew a good batch of sweet tea. I downed two whole glasses. When it was time to head to the theater, I briefly considered stopping by the bathroom, but I didn’t really have to go yet. I figured I could hold it and just go at the theater since we had time.

Well, this was before we saw the mammoth line out the door. I got a bit worried. But my bladder capacity is well-tested, and I could barely feel the iced teas yet.

As we waited in line, I kept my mind occupied by talking to my friends excitedly about the MCU and the experience we were about to have. I was lucky enough to catch Infinity War in theaters, but an exhausting finals week prevented me from experiencing the cultural event that was opening weekend of Endgame. This would be the closest I could get to capturing that feeling.

Looking up and down the line, one out of every three people were in costume, anywhere between quickly put together and professionally done. We knew we had the right crowd. These were the people that were gonna scream and cheer when Cap picks up Mjolnir.

We finally got inside the theater with 10 minutes left before showtime, and I could definitely feel the signals in my bladder telling me to find a toilet soon. Though, it’s at a level where I could still wait an hour or two if I really had to.

My heart sank when I saw the long lines leading out of both bathrooms. People were getting their preemptive pees in. Since this was an old theater, the ladies probably only had two stalls at most. And it was a sold-out crowd. I tried not to panic. I’d already seen Infinity War before. I can just get up in the middle of the movie if it came down to it. No big deal.

Nicole split off and told us she’d get drinks and popcorn for all of us. We should go ahead and get to our seats. The last thing I need right now is even more liquids going through my body, but she was at the snack line before I could decline my share.

Inside the old-timey theater, the energy was electric. People were buzzing in their seats and taking pictures of each other’s costumes. Rowan and I got stopped a couple of times by avid fans to take pictures with us in costume before we could find our seats in the middle left of the theater. It was almost showtime and now I was at the level where I would normally go and sit on the toilet. It was now or never. I decided to play it safe and stood up, but just as I did. The lights dimmed, and the crowd roared. The show was about to begin, and I was too late.

Still trying to convince myself not to worry, I decided that I’d give the movie 10-15 minutes, then once everyone is settled in, I’d head to the bathroom to address this growing need in me. As I sat back down with a plan, I got caught up in the excitement. That ominous Marvel logo flashing on the screen, then fading to the Asgardian distress call gave me chills once again. Or was that the urge to pee making itself known? I couldn’t tell. It was Infinity War time, baby.

Fifteen minutes in, Nicole finally arrived with large popcorns and even larger drinks, and I completely forgot about my plan to go to the bathroom. I was invested in the movie, so much so that I absent mindedly took the large soda and sipped from it as I ate the popcorn and watch the Avengers take on Thanos.

There’s never a dull moment for me in this movie, so it was a fool’s pursuit to even think I’d leave the theater at any point in the middle.

We reached the infamous ending of the movie: the Snap. I couldn’t help but get teary eyed at Bucky and Peter Parker turning to dust. Yeah, sure, call me lame. But this was a cultural moment. And it still hits to this day. Once the credits rolled and everyone was dead silent from reexperiencing that trauma all over again, it hit me like a freight train:

I had to pee soooooo bad.

I squirmed in my seat and crossed and recrossed my legs. People were starting to get up for the 20 minute intermission between the movies. I made eye contact with Rowan. Without saying a word, we knew we were thinking the same thing: Bathroom. Now.

When we made it out to the lobby, I nearly burst into tears. The lines to the bathrooms were already looping all around the lobby. We both got in line, but I could already tell we weren’t gonna make it before Endgame starts.

“Ugh, I shouldn’t have drank that much soda. I have to piss like a racehorse.” Rowan bit her lip and crossed her legs. The Scarlet Witch herself was bursting for a pee right next to me. She had gotten up to use the bathroom in the middle of Infinity War, but now that she had broken the seal, she was refilling much faster.

“Yeah. I haven’t peed since I left my place.” I subtly bend my crossed legs, giving me some relief from the building pressure.

“Holy crap, really? You drank, like, a bunch of iced tea.”

“Please don’t remind me.” I gritted my teeth. Being reminded of that send a wave of pressure over me. The tight Spider-Man outfit wasn’t doing me any favors.

I’ve been in situations like this before, and I’ve usually prevailed. But this was getting grim by the minute. The line had barely moved, and we’re already halfway through the intermission.

“Hey babes! Want anything from the snack bar?” Nicole joined us at the line, but she wasn’t planning on hitting up the bathrooms. She was one of the ones blessed with an iron bladder the size of the hoover dam. I once saw her hold it all through a 7-hour road trip. It was nearly inhuman. My mere mortal capacity and Rowan’s peanut bladder could never.

“Um, we’re good. Just trying not to wet ourselves.” Rowan nearly whimpered.

“Ah, sorry guys. I get the feeling.”

“No, you don’t.” Rowan and I proclaimed in unison.

Nicole chuckled, but she genuinely looked concerned for us. “There’s the bar a block down we can go to if it’s an emergency.”

“I don’t think we’ll have time.” I checked my watch, concerned.

There were still twenty girls in various states of distress ahead of us.

“Okay, we’ll hang in there. I’ll go get us snacks. Nicole left us to our peril. Rowan was now bouncing up and down. My legs were clamped shut and I was fidgeting.

A few minutes passed, then Rowan took a deep breath. She seemed to have made up her mind.

“Hey, I’m just gonna go pop a squat outside. I’m literally about to explode. Wanna come with me?”

That seemed so tempting. I’m not one to shy away from peeing outdoors, but with my costume requiring me to get naked to pee, that was simply not an option in the moment.

“I’m good, Ro. You go ahead. I think I can still wait.” I was lying, of course.

“You sure? Okay. Last chance. Wanda Maximoff is about to power wash the alley out back.” Rowan said with a smirk.

“Gross. Have fun.” Every friend group has that one friend that had no filter. Rowan delivered in spades. Off she went to claim her relief, and I was left in my desperate state.

Two minutes left. Seeing Endgame on the big screen was the whole reason I’m here. It was decision time. That’s when my second wind hit me. The pain in my blader subsided to the point of being manageable, and as the lights flashed on and off in the lobby, I felt a renewed determination. I was going to make it through this 3 hour movie. I was going to enjoy it, and my full bladder wasn’t going to stand in the way. To miss the beginning and use the bathroom would be admitting defeat.

I turned and marched back into the theater, the liquids sloshing around inside me. I was going to face it like an Avenger. We’re in the endgame now.

Three hours felt like one. The movie went from one exhilarating set piece to the next. All of my favorite characters interacting, fighting by one another, traveling through time. The crowd cheered and laughed. We all cried with Black Widow sacrificed herself, and we yelled like it was the Superbowl when everyone came out of the portals. It was amazing.

However, as the movie started to wind down, and old feeling started making itself known again. This time I was ready. I knew there was no post credits scene. I know what happens at the end. With a couple of more wrap up segments left, I quickly got up and scooted across the row, into the aisle, and towards the exit. In my book, I’d accomplished my mission. I sat through the entirety of Endgame without wetting myself! As the credits started to roll, I reached the exit doors. There was already a line out the bathrooms, but not nearly as ridiculous as in the intermission. Only 4 people ahead of me. This was doable.

As the lobby crowded with the excited post movie murmur and rush to get home, my need to pee dramatically increased. It was that phenomenon where the closer you get to relief, the more your body wants it.

And I wanted it sooooo badly. I didn’t even care now. I was doing a full-on pee dance. Both my hands were pressed up against my crotch and I was bent forward, breathing shallow breaths. There have only been a handful of moments where I was this close to bursting, and this is quickly climbing to the top three.

Only two more people in front of me. Then one. I was starting to leak. I can’t ruin my costume like this. Let alone embarrass myself in public. I couldn’t breathe. My pelvic muscles hurt so bad. I wanted more than anything to rip my skintight onesie off and just let it all out on the toilet.

Then, disaster struck.

A custodian came out and marked the ladies room as out of order! Someone had clogged the toilets or something, and the men’s line has by now tripled in length.

The world collapsed around me. This was it. I was going to pee myself in public. Again. All hope is lost. My grip on my crotch loosened, my stream threatening to burst forth.

Then I felt a tug at my arm. I looked over, and saw Nicole, dressed as badass Gamora, pulling me toward the exit, her “take charge” face on.

“Come on, we gotta get you to that bar bathroom.”

She’s my hero, my savior, my Avenger. My legs moved along with her, and it was like I was on autopilot. I couldn’t think of anything else but holding my pee. There were tears in my eyes.

“Move! Move it! Excuse me!” Nicole plowed a path for us. Her gently but somehow also firmly pulling me along. Trailing behind is Rowan.

We get to the outside and make a beeline toward the sports bar down the street we’ve been to a few times. The air was chilly, but my whole body felt hot. A few drops of pee squirted out and I nearly screamed. Instead it came out as a strained moan.

“Hold on babe, you got this.” Nicole was my guiding light.

We were almost there, but then Rowan suddenly doubled over in pain.

“Guys, wait! I can’t. I can’t hold it anymore. I gotta go now!” Rowan stumbled towards the narrow alley to our right. I’d been so focused on my crisis that I hadn’t noticed that Rowan had been desperate to pee this whole time too. And now she’s reached her limit.

“Stand guard!” Rowan unbuckled her leggings and yanked them down to the top of her boots. She positioned herself next to an air conditioning unit and moved her overcoat out of the way as she dropped into a full squat.

In full view of us, Rowan’s pee stream exploded out of her, shooting forward with an aggressive hiss and dousing the pavement in front of her.

“Ohhhhhhhh Godddddd. That’s so fucking good!” Rowan looked to the heavens in relief, her eyes lightly closed and her legs fully open.

The sound of the splattering stream nearly sent me into oblivion.

“Babe, hurry up, okay? We gotta get Cass to a toilet.” Nicole held onto me to keep me from fainting.

Rowan spoke through gasps. “I’m sorry….hah…. I couldn’t wait….hahhh….hahhh…had to pee….so badly….ahhhhhhh.”

I think it was here that I completely dissociated.

Thankfully, Rowan’s racehorse piss, as per usual, was strong but swift. She quickly finished, drip dried, and pulled her pants up in record time. Then we were back to getting to the sports bar. It was a team effort now. I could barely walk.

We burst through the doors of the rowdy bar, passed the “restrooms for customers only” sign, and quickly spot the restrooms on the other end. Over the loud hockey game cheers, Rowan spoke into Nicole’s ear.

“Get to the bathroom. I’ll go and buy us something from the bar.

With a nod, Nicole and I made the final home stretch dash to the ladies room.

I’m not sure how I made it. To this day, everything was pointing towards me soaking my Spider-Man outfit right there at the front of the bar, as soon as I saw the signs to the bathroom. Heck, I should’ve peed myself halfway through Endgame.

But somehow, I didn’t. Nicole and I pushed passed drunk hockey fans and reached the one room women’s bathroom with no further incident.

Nicole led me inside, and as soon as she latched the door behind us, instinct took over. I made a beeline towards the only toilet in the corner of the room. One hand firmly grabbing my crotch, the other pulling on the zipper in the back of my neck. I was aware that I was breathing hard at this point.

Once I reached the toilet, I turned around, and in one swift motion, I peeled my costume off, pulling my arms out, exposing my boobs, pulling it down past my waist, and down below my knees. My panties were quick to come down next, and once they were bunched around my knees, I quickly sat down on the seat and leaned forward with my elbows on my thighs. I braced myself.

Nothing happened for a couple of seconds. Then…

Finally, at long last, I started peeing.

It started as a trickle but very quickly grew into a thundering pee stream. Splashing loudly into the water below.

“Oh fuckkkk! Haaahhhhhhhhh…..” I couldn’t help it. It was heaven. My bladder hurt so much but the pee felt so good coming out. It was otherworldly.

My stream echoed off the tile walls. I stared off into nothing, my eyes lightly closed. The pee just kept coming out like a waterfall. All that iced tea, and water, and soda finally getting expelled.

The stream reached a crescendo, then slowly died down back to a trickle. Then just a few drips. Even after it ended, I sat there with my Spider-Man costume bunched around my calves, basically naked in a sports bar bathroom, feeling nothing but bliss. I leaned forward and buried my face in my hands as one final spurt came out and I let out a long, exhausted, happy sigh.

I’d done it. Mission accomplished. Bladder emptied.

“Uh, Cass? If you’re done, I kinda have to pee too.”

I looked up and realized that Nicole has been in the bathroom with me this whole time, and now she’s the one with her legs tightly crossed and hands tightly grabbing her crotch.

“Oh, crap. Sorry.” I quickly started pulling some TP off and wiped. “I got a little carried away.”

“Hah, yeah it looked like you were having a spiritual experience there.” Nicole was already unbuckling her pants.

“I mean, pretty much. I feel so much better now.” I did a couple of hops to get my onesie suit back up. I slipped my arms back in, and Nicole zipped me up in the back.

“Yeah, you almost went for a whole minute.”

“Wait, that was less than a minute? It felt like so much longer.”

“Maybe one day, babe.” Nicole gave me a wink as she went past me and took my place on the toilet.

As I went to the sink to wash my hands, Nicole dropped her pants, placed herself comfortably on the toilet seat, and proceeded to pee steadily for 4 whole minutes.

*014*2024-11-16 17:17

{{11 hours ago, rfthawne said:

Fantastic new chapter. You really capture the struggle of the desperation so well, and it was great to see the others girls get desperate as well. With Nicole having such a large bladder seemingly, I'll be interested to see how she gets involved as the stories go on (hopefully).

}}

Thank you! Glad you caught that. We'll definitely be seeing more of Nicole in future chapters. 😉

*018*2025-01-14 16:59

Thank you!

I took a little break, but I'm hoping to start posting more of Cassie's adventures in the next week or two. Also, I do have a photoshoot story planned for her so stay tuned!

*020*2025-02-13 06:22

6. HOLIDAYS

Hey! Did you miss me? 🙂

Well, fret not because I’m back! Apologies for the longer than usual hiatus. I got pretty busy over the holidays. Things kind of popped off all at once you know? But I’m back with more cosplaying adventures and all the pee desperation and bathroom usage that comes with it.

I hope you didn’t think I was done. Because we’re a long ways away from that, babe.

Speaking of which, lemme make up for my absence with a trio of pee stories for you! Yep. All three of these happened over this past holiday season, so it wasn’t all for naught.

Holidays are always pretty chaotic, and this past year, my bladder decided to join in on the fun. Buckle up, buttercup.

THANKSGIVING – We’ve all been there. Too much soda or juice at the dinner table after that big hearty meal. The race to the bathroom before any of your other family members get there. The massive relief of emptying yourself and then falling asleep on the couch afterwards.

Well this story starts after that. I’d already eaten a hearty dinner with my family and had myself a nice toilet session by the time Elena picked me up at my house. You guys remember Elena right? From the ghost story?

Well out of our high school squad, she was the only one that stayed in our hometown. She got her finance degree at the local college and now she’s engaged to get married!

We had planned to meet up while I was in town for Thanksgiving, and our schedules only aligned on Thanksgiving night itself. She had plans to go Christmas shopping for her fiancé and I said I’d tag along so we could hang. The mall had supposed door buster deals that night, and it seems as though Black Friday was starting half a day early.

At the mall, we managed to score a parking spot towards the back without having to fight anyone off. It seemed like the whole town was at the mall that night.

As we walked the mall and chatted, my bladder was quickly refilling from all the wine, water, and juice I had at dinner. I knew the restrooms were at the food court, but we were headed in the opposite direction, towards Macy’s. Elena had her eyes set on a specific pair of loafers she wanted to get her fiancé.

We had stopped to get boba teas on the way to the mall, and my large drink was down to the ice and left over boba balls. That only added fuel to the fire. Or, I guess flood.

As we perused the department stores, I kept my eyes out for potential pieces for my next big cosplay project. I was going to do Korra from Avatar. Specifically her look from season 2. The pieces for her fur lined pants and top were harder than expected to find, and I was hoping the specialty stores in my home town could help. And maybe even for a bargain on Black Friday.

I hit the jackpot when we hit the clearance section of Macy’s and I found a pair of pants nearly identical to the style of Korra’s. I couldn’t believe my luck. It was baggy in the right ways and even had a leather drawstring belt to accompany it. I wouldn’t even have to mod it that much. I quickly grabbed it and took a closer look. All it needed was some faux fur on the fringes and something that looks like a leather covering to go around the waist. It’s perfect for the cosplay.

“Hey, I’m gonna try some clothes on. Gonna come with?”

Elena came up to me with a bunch of pants and tops all draped over her arms. She was never one to turn down a shopping spree.

“Yeah! I actually wanna try these on.”

I showed her the pants. Elena made a face.

“Are you sure? That was on the clearance rack for a reason.”

“It’s for my cosplay, dick.” I chided.

“Ok good. Just making sure.” She glided over to the changing rooms and I followed.

As I trailed behind her, I became really aware of how much I needed to pee. It seemed to come out of nowhere. I guess all the liquids are finally catching up to me. I made up my mind to head for the bathrooms once I tried on these pants.

Elena and I both stepped into the changing room. It was one of the bigger ones, with mirrors on both sides. Elena immediately began her try on marathon while I carefully took of my pants. I could feel the liquids sloshing around inside me as I slipped the pants on. I tried to ignore it as I pulled them up and filled it out. It looked even better than I imagined.

I adjusted the leather belt and tied it off with a double knot. Then I pulled it tight.

Big mistake. That was all it took.

Like a bullet to a pane of glass, that one motion broke down the walls holding in my pee. It felt like the floodgates shattered, and a hissing noise escaped from underneath me.

“Oh! Oh fuck! What the --!” It took me a second to fully realize what was happening. I was totally peeing myself.

Warm pent-up pee cascaded out of me and down the pants that would’ve been so perfect for my Korra cosplay. The front darkened to a wet shade of blue as my pee quietly splattered on the floor. I couldn’t believe what was happening.

“Cass, what’s – oh! Oh my gosh!”

Elena turned around and was just as shocked as I was. I met her gaze with wide eyes and my mouth agape. I had no words. I truly thought I could hold it for another five minutes. The only sound between us was my piss rushing out.

My face started to burn with embarrassment. It had been a minute since I totally peed myself. By the time I finished, my legs, my feet, and the pants were completely soaked. Piss dripped from my crotch and down the puddle on the floor.

“Holy fuck. I just peed!” I covered my mouth to stifle a yelp. Or maybe it was a laugh. Could’ve gone either way. Elena herself burst into giggles. I followed suit. We couldn’t help it. This was totally absurd.

I forced myself to stop laughing and listened. It didn’t seem like anyone outside the fitting room has realized what happened. Elena was also listening.

“We gotta get outta here!” Elena whisper-yelled.

She didn’t have to tell me twice. I quickly slipped the perfect pants off, took off my soaked panties, and aid them in the corner. I then put on my jeans, going commando, and we peaced out of that fitting room. We tried to hide our guilt as we quickly power walked past the checkout counter, and I mentally apologized to whichever employee was going to open that fitting room door and find the accident I had left behind.

When we got to the car, it felt like we had gotten away with a crime. We burst out laughing in the car. Unable to control ourselves.

“Jeez Cass, you could’ve told me you had to go!” Elena said, giggling.

“I’m sorry! I thought I could hold it. I had no idea how that happened.” I really didn’t. It wasn’t like I was about to burst. I guess the conditions aligned.

As for the pants, looks like I’ll have to go elsewhere to complete my Korra cosplay. As we drove away from the mall, I turned towards Elena.

“I don’t think we can ever go back there.”

“Ha. Add that to the list.”

“Sorry I ruined Christmas shopping El.”

“Don’t worry about it! It’s just like old times.” She gave me a grin. I knew exactly what she was talking about.

CHRISTMAS – This past Christmas, I made the unfortunate choice to agree to be part of my aunt’s production of A Christmas Carol that the community theater puts on every year. If you’re ever wondering who taught me how to sew, look no further than my Auntie Laura.

I got home a week earlier than I usually do for Christmas, just in time to catch the show that Friday night. Auntie Laura had asked if I could participate, and I said sure. I had no other plans. What I hadn’t realized was that this required me to be in full costume, and I hated those costumes.

I was going to play the role of one of the townspeople. It was simple, straight-forward. I didn’t even have any lines. All I had to do was be part of the crowd scenes. The costume in question was a Victorian style dress. It went all the way down to the floor and the skirt was multiple layers. It was red with green and cream-colored accents. It came with a matching style hat and red boots that took years to tie all the way up. Basically, what you’d see classic carolers wear in Central Park. Yep. That.

I’d been in this production a couple of times before so imagine my surprise when I dusted off the old dress and the thing still fit me! I mean it was a little tight in a couple of places, but overall it was still wearable.

For all intents and purposes, it was a beautiful Victorian dress. But the multilayered design made it, you guessed it, challenging to go to the bathroom. I made sure not to drink too much water while I was in costume.

I did my time and the play went off without incident. Not even a twinge from my blader throughout.

After the play, I planned to head back to my house and be free of this darn thing, but Auntie Laura and my mom pulled a fast one on me. My grandparents were having a Christmas gathering that night, and we were heading straight there after the play. That meant me going there as a Charles Dickens era woman. Lovely.

We drove straight to the farmhouse where my grandparents live. It was a nice, rustic place, straight out of a post card. I’d spent a lot of my childhood running through their fields and climbing the trees near the barn.

At the farmhouse, it seemed like the whole extended family was there, and only a couple of them were fazed at my peculiar style of dress. They know about my cosplaying passions so this was nothing new to them. I did have to remind them that this was Auntie’s idea, not mine.

I did my rounds of greeting and chatting all the relatives. Throughout I snacked on hors d’oeuvres and drank my fair share of wine and soda. After an hour or so of this, I started to feel it. It was time to wrangle this dress in and visit the ladies room.

I went to the guest bathroom on the first floor. Locked. I went upstairs to the bathroom there. Occupied. I went back downstairs and just missed the exchange between the previous occupant and my uncle, who I knew was going to be in there for a while.

Annoyed, I waited by the bathroom. My need to pee was getting pretty bad, but still manageable. My grandpa was walking by and I asked him if there were any other bathrooms in the house.

“Oh, well the one in the basement is broken. Other than that, there’s the upstairs and downstairs.”

“Both are currently unavailable” I said. I crossed my legs under the hefty dress.

My grandpa chuckled.

“Well, there’s always the outhouse.”

As he walked away, I realized he was right. This farm had been in the family for generations, and they did have an outhouse in the backyard from the 1800s or something. I remember always seeing it whenever I’d visit. I had never used it though. Not when the house had indoor plumbing.

I guess that was an option. But did I have to go that bad that I had to consider it?

Nah. Not at that moment. I could still wait. I went back to the festivities, eating more finger foods and partaking in some classic eggnog. Those of the alcoholic variety.

I kept one eye on the bathroom but there was just an assembly line of people going in and out.

Typical. I got pulled into a drinking game with my cousins, which didn’t help things. My bladder filled more and more, and it was getting more and more difficult to keep my composure. I finally untangled myself from the ring of fire game but got cornered in the kitchen by my other Uncle who wanted to talk to me about setting up my 401k. Never too early to do that after all.

As he talked, a bladder spasm hit me like a freight train.

In the last five minutes, my need had suddenly intensified tenfold. Something about being so close to the bathroom always triggered that.

A spurt of pee escaped into my panties.

I quickly squeezed my thighs together and bent forward. I held in a gasp.

"Yep. Outhouse it is."

I excused myself from the dazzling conversation about 401ks and headed to the back. I came out the back door and could see the outhouse on the outer edge of the yard. It was what you’d expect a typical outhouse to look like. A one room wooden shack with a pitched roof. The door even had that crescent moon window on it.

There was a light layer of snow on the ground so I held up the sides of the dress as I trudged through the yard to get to it. Now I really felt like I was in the olden times.

The outhouse was a lot nicer the closer I got. My grandparents really took the time to preserve this relic of the past.

I swung open the door and was met with complete darkness. I took out my phone and used the flashlight to get my bearings. I could barely see the toilet in the cramped room. As I shined my light around, I managed to find the lamp hanging on the wall right next to the door. It was a battery powered Coleman camping lamp, so I guess I should be thankful it wasn’t an oil lamp I had to light.

I flicked on the switch and the LED light illuminated the cramped room. Right in front of me was the toilet. A seat and lid bolted onto a raised wooden surface going across the outhouse. It was actually kind of nice. There was a shelf on one side with a couple of books. On the other small shelf was a small plant. On one side of the toilet seat were three rolls of toilet paper. On the other side was the air spray. Above the toilet was a cure picture of a puppy in a tulip field. Not bad for an old timey bathroom.

The wind kicked up outside, sending a chill down my spine and reminding me of my pressing need. I quickly closed the door, only to realize there was no lock. Great.

I lifted the lid. A dark void greeted me. Good thing it was nighttime because I did not want to know what was down there. And surprisingly there wasn’t a strong smell. Turning around, I went about the annoying process of lifting my Victorian dress. It took some effort, cause I had to grab every layer or else it would keep falling. I had to shimmy and shake my hips to get my dress fully pulled up. It was quite the task.

With my dress finally gathered around my waist using one hand, I reached down with my other hand and pulled my underwear down. My aunt is huge on period accuracy, so I was wearing the long bloomer underwear that went with these dresses. I let them drop to my ankles. I took a half step back and finally sat my bare bottom on the seat.

I adjusted myself and got comfortable. Using both my arms I kept my dress gathered around my torso. It was so layered and thick that pretty much all my thighs and knees were completely covered. The only indication that I was using the toilet was my underwear around my ankles. I guess that was a little comforting in case anyone walked in on me at that moment. They wouldn’t see anything.

I bent forward a little and let out a relieved sigh as my pee started. A strong, hefty stream. It fell straight down into the pit of gross liquid and whatever else underneath me. A steady tinkling emanated from down there.

"Mmmmmmm." It felt really good to finally pee. And strangely, I felt really cozy sitting in this tight room, dressed like a Victorian caroler, enjoying the simple pleasure of relieving myself.

After I finished, I wiped, pulled up my bloomers, and put my dress back down. It took a bit to get it all straightened out.

So I guess that’s what it was like to use an outhouse. First time for everything.

NEW YEARS – Every now and then, I’d do a gig for an event planning firm where I’d dress up and perform in one of their exclusive events. Things like this happen all the time. When you go to a high-class bar or club and there’d be themed events, there would be people in costume interacting with guests. Sometimes that involved dancing, other times we were required to hold entire conversations with guests, but mostly it’s just standing around and greeting people while in costume. It was that kind of gig that was right up my alley.

This time I’d taken a job on New Years Eve. Usually, I spend my New Years with family, but I came back earlier for work. My day job just loves scheduling meetings towards the end of the year. So what the heck, I took this extra gig because the pay was great and I really wanted an excuse to get into costume again. It was at a party at this fancy downtown rooftop bar and club. They had an Old Hollywood themed party, where guests could come and relive the opulence of 1920s Hollywood while counting down to the new year.

The event planner assigned us our “characters” for the evening. I got assigned Holly Golightly, Audrey Hepburn’s iconic character. Never mind the fact that Breakfast at Tiffany’s came out in 1961 and was nowhere near 1920s old Hollywood, but I guess they’re playing fast and loose with history. Regardless, I was excited to don this cosplay.

It didn’t take much to out together. Just a couple of trips to the local thrift store and a dive into my mom’s old wardrobe before I flew back. Holly’s hair was surprisingly the toughest part. I decided to forgo a wig and go all natural, and it took me nearly an hour to get the styling just right. I slipped on my gloves, grabbed my fake cigarette holder, and got ready to party.

I took a look at myself in the mirror. Not bad at all. The short black dress and stockings really accentuated my legs. I gave my best Audrey Hepburn smile. Man, it felt good to be cosplaying again. Especially for a paycheck.

I felt a twinge in my bladder. The water I’d been guzzling all day was catching up to me. I should definitely visit the toilet before heading out. But as I gazed towards my bathroom and felt the pressure building inside me, my lips curled into a mischievous grin.

I grabbed my purse and headed out the door without stepping foot in the bathroom.

The bar where the party was taking place in one of the tall buildings in downtown. The venue itself took up the top four floors of the building. The first one being a speakeasy lounge area, the next two floors above it a large cosmopolitan type bar surrounded by two story glass windows with breathtaking views of the city. And above that is another rooftop bar that was garden themed. Definitely one of the coolest and fanciest bars I’ve been to.

Once I got there, I said hi to Riley, the guy who usually works the downstairs bar. We’ve worked a couple of these parties together and he’s my go to when it comes to a friendly face among strangers. He’d give me a free drink here and there in exchange for each other’s company on busy nights. It helps that he’s super cute and I’m pretty sure he has a crush on me.

The instructions to us costumed floor walkers were clear. Walk around in character and chat with guests. The longer the interaction the better. So, I watched the movie over and over to get her accent and mannerisms just right. It led me down a rabbit hole of other Audrey Hepburn movies. She was quite the movie star.

Anyways, the place really started to fill out around 8pm. I did my rounds on the floor and got a lot of compliments on my look. I chatted up some friendly patrons and had my fair share of long oogling stares from various old men. It’s part of the job. As long as there’s no inappropriate touching.

I exuded Holly Golightly energy, with my strut and quirky smile. Audrey would’ve been proud. I knocked back a cocktail and made sure I drank enough water to keep myself from getting drunk too quickly. I had to last until next year after all.

But there was another element at play.

With all these liquids, I was more than aware of what it did to my bladder. It was steadily building throughout the party, and I welcomed that feeling. As I spoke to a middle-aged man in my transatlantic accent over martinis, I relished the full feeling in my bladder. He was none the wiser of my desperation, and that sent chills up my back. If only he knew how badly I needed to pee.

As the night got closer to midnight, my bladder got closer to bursting. Every person I talked to, I’d subtly cross my legs and rock back and forth. A part of me hoped they wouldn’t notice. A part of me hoped they did.

A handful of times I had the opportunity to head to the bathroom, and every single one of those times, I prevented myself from going. I couldn’t believe I was doing this, but it felt so exhilarating. The working characters were told not to use the main bathrooms in the large atrium bar. We were relegated to the bathrooms in the speakeasy bar downstairs, which was just one room for each for men and women.

It was fifteen minutes to midnight. The place was packed. I was four cocktails in and however many glasses of water in between for me to just be constantly buzzed. My bladder was at its breaking point. Remember the first story I told you, at New York Comic Con, with Beidou? How badly I needed to go then? Yeah, this was like three times that.

I decided to put a pause in my holding game and finally relieve myself before the new year arrived. I was excited for it. These pees tend to feel euphoric upon release. Couldn’t think of a better way to end the year.

I got down to the speakeasy bathrooms and saw that the women’s was closed for cleaning. There was a long line of men and women leading into the open men’s bathroom. My heart skipped a beat. Both out of frustration but also excitement. My game was being extended.

Now I fully crossed my legs and bent forward. I really had to pee. I leaned against a table for support, and a small spurt into my panties brought me back to reality. It was all fun and games until a realized wetting myself in front of all these people might become a real possibility.

Trying not to panic, I went through my options. There weren’t a lot. I could run upstairs but that could get me in trouble and forfeit my check for this event. Maybe there was a bathroom in the lower floors of the building? But who knows it they are open.

My eyes found Riley behind the bar counter. He definitely knows I’m bursting for a pee. My body language was pretty obvious. He signaled me over, and I hobbled towards him.

“Hey, you alright?”

Still in my Audrey Hepburn voice, I responded. “Well Riley, I may have flown too close to the sun here.”

“Too many drinks?”

“Way too many. And now I’m paying the price.”

Riley looked sympathetic. It was five minutes to midnight, and I could start leaking any minute now. I clamped my legs closed. Now that I was facing the counter, I reached down and tightly grabbed my crotch. No one else was at the bar counter. They were all focused on the tv screens where they would show the ball dropping.

“Need some help?”

“I’ll take whatever you can give me, champ.”

Riley looked around cautiously, then signaled me to join him behind the counter. I did my best to get there without wetting myself. Once there, Riley moved a cooler aside, revealing a small drain in the middle of the tiled floor.

“This is the best I can do.”

“Oh, my dashing hero!”

This was more than enough. I was desperate enough that this small hole in the floor was just as good as a the toilet at my apartment.

Riley kept watch as I staggered over to the drain. I bent down, hiking my black dress up in the same motion. I was now hidden behind the bar counter, my only audience being Riley. On the tv, the ball started to drop and everyone started counting down. I dropped my panties as everyone in the bar counted down the last minute of the year.

I was now fully squatting over the small drain. My aim had to be precise. I was anticipating the release. When the crowd reached 20, my stream shot out, over the drain and onto the floor. I yelped and quickly corrected my position, so my powerful stream fell straight into the drain.

I wanted to scream in relief but I had to stop myself. People would for sure hear me. I covered my mouth and stifled my cries of relief. All around me, everyone counted down.

“7…6…5…4…3…2…1! Happy New Year!”

The place exploded into ecstatic cheers and yells, and I couldn’t bear it anymore.

“Haaaaaaaa!!!! Ohhhhhh my Godddddd!” I dropped the transatlantic accent and just let out the most euphoric moan just as my pee continued to spray into the drain. Even over the loud cheering and singing, my piss stream hissed loudly.

My legs wobbled and felt weak from holding it, but I kept my balance.

I finally opened my eyes after that first wave of relief and noticed Riley was staring. He tried to look away but he just couldn’t help himself. Perfect.

I gave him a devilish grin and spread my legs wider, giving him a full view of my urine being unleashed from my vagina. I could tell his breath was caught in his throat. He was using all his willpower not to be mesmerized, but I knew I already had him under the spell.

My stream weakened and I gave a few extra pushes to let it spurt out a couple of times, punctuating it with a small moan each time. I was breathing hard from the exertion, and my body was ecstatically screaming from the relief.

After letting myself drip for a few seconds, I stood up and pulled my panties up. I straightened out my dress and took a couple of steps toward the awestruck Riley.

“Thank you very much, kind sir.”

Riley tried to shake himself off from the trance I put him in and tried to play it cool.

“Um yeah, for sure. You’re welcome.”

I continued staring into his eyes. Letting my smile do the talking.

I could tell he wanted me, and I hoped he knew that I wanted him too. I leaned in, and he did the rest. We kissed vigorously behind that bar as the people around us rang in the new year. I relished the feeling of him against me while by bladder still felt the echoes of releasing everything I held in the past 4 hours. There was no feeling quite like it.

I’ll spare you guys the details, but after that, Riley and I left together and started the new year off with a bang.

*024*2025-02-18 18:33

7. TRAFFIC

Let me tell you about one of the worst times I’ve ever been desperate to pee. I’m talking true “I’m about to burst, piss all over myself, tears in my eyes” desperation. Like, top 5 of all time.

Yes, I have a ranked list. And I’ve already told you about #8, #6, #10 and #14.

This happened in my college years. It was a Friday morning, and I woke up in bed with a raging headache and the most intense urge to pee I’ve ever felt. Like, my bladder felt like a 5 pound kettle ball inside me. I sat up in bed tried to remember how I got here. Must’ve been another crazy Friday night out. There wasn’t a guy sleeping next to me, and I wasn’t naked, so I guess it wasn’t that crazy of a night.

I swung my legs out and stood up out of bed. Bad move. I immediately bent forward and grabbed my crotch tight, because I suddenly needed to pee right then and there. Like, I had 5 seconds to get to the toilet or else I was gonna wet myself.

“Ohhhh…” I moaned. “Gotta pee!” I managed to get my legs moving as I hurried out of my bedroom, across the hall, and into my bathroom. I didn’t even bother closing the door.

Through quick breaths, I tore my pajama bottoms down to my ankles and basically collapsed onto the toilet. And not a second too soon.

A thick jet of pee burst out of me and furiously splashed the water below. My toilet sounded more like a sizzling pan as I peed loudly for over a minute straight.

I loudly groaned and sighed in relief as I felt myself get lighter. My body shuddered and a wave of pee shivers went through me. As I sat, the memories from last night came into focus. The party. It was at Micah’s apartment. Loud music. Drinking games. Lots of alcohol. Shots. Rowan hooking up with someone. That one guy, Brendan, hitting on me. He was cute. Why didn’t I go home with him?

“You’re finally up.”

I snapped out of my deep thoughts. I was still on the toilet, peeing. But it was down to soft trickles now. My roommate, Stephanie, peeked in from the hall.

I rubbed my eyes.

“When did I get back?” I asked, managing a yawn.

“Don’t know. Went to bed at 1 am and you were still out.”

“Jeez. I don’t think I meant to stay out that late.”

“Yeah, you told me to wake you up early today. And I did, twice. But you kept going back to sleep.”

Steph seemed annoyed. That was weird. Why would I ask Steph to wake me up? I pulled off some tp and wiped. I stayed seated.

“Really? Why?”

“You said you had a thing to go to today? You had to leave early?”

The floor fell out from underneath me. Today was Megacon. And I was supposed to leave at 6am so I could make the two and a half hour drive and make it there by the time doors opened. The digital clock in my bathroom said it was now almost 9am.

“Fuck!”

I bolted up out of the toilet, hoisting my shorts up and sprinting back into my room.

“You want me to flush that for you? Because I’m not going to.” Steph said.

In my room, I tried to break the record for quickest time getting ready. I was already two hours late, and this meant I’d have to contend with a long line getting into Megacon. It was one of the bigger cons in the country, hence the name. I was gonna meet Nicole there. Usually, we’d travel together but she was already out of town visiting family.

I quickly texted Nicole, saying I’d be about an hour late, then jumped in the shower to clean off last night’s booze. I then started putting on the cosplay I’d been planning for Megacon:

Miss Makima from Chainsaw Man.

It was fairly straight forward. Black business pants, white dress shirt, and tie. A redhead wig styled with a ponytail. And her signature orange and red devil eyes, which I had the contact lenses for. Makeup was minimal. The simplicity of the outfit definitely helped me get ready quicker.

On the way out, I grabbed a 32 oz plastic water bottle from the fridge for the long drive ahead. I was still a bit hungover and I knew I needed to hydrate. I was out of the apartment and on the road 20 minutes after I got off the toilet. That was a personal best.

After a quick stop at Starbucks for a venti iced coffee, I sped through the surface streets and got on the highway, thankfully not encountering any bad traffic. The first hour of the drive was uneventful. I guzzled my water down and went 10 above the speed limit. Not my usual standard operating procedure, but I had a schedule to catch up to.

I started getting a headache halfway through the drive. I definitely drank way too much last night. My water bottle was empty, but I still felt dehydrated.

Up ahead, I saw a sign for a rest area. I quickly pulled into the exit.

Inside the rest area, I quickly refilled my water bottle and purchased two large bottles of Gatorade. I needed electrolytes. No one batted an eye at the girl dressed up as an anime character, but that’s probably because I just looked like a paralegal on the way to work. I felt some slight pressure from my bladder, the tiniest beginnings of needing the bathroom. But a quick glance at my watch told me this unscheduled stop has already put me way behind. There was a big panel at 1:30pm that Nicole and I were planning to go to, and it was a must see. I decided to forgo the bathroom for now and just go when I was closer to the convention center.

I passed by the restrooms without so much as a glance and got back on the road.

That was the moment I would soon come to regret. Had I just taken the five minutes to go in the restroom and pee, what happened next could have been completely avoided.

As I got back onto the road, the ETA on the GPS started to tick down. I was feeling good.

I hit standstill traffic 20 minutes after I left the rest area. All four lanes of the southbound highway were stopped, and from what I could see, it stretched a few miles ahead.

Great, now I was even further delayed. There must’ve been a bad car accident or extensive roadwork being done. With a frustrated sigh, I sat back in my seat.

I had been so focused on getting to Megacon that I hadn’t had time to think about anything else. Now that the momentum had stopped, something else creeped into my mind: I had to pee.

It wasn’t urgent or anything. Just a normal amount that would normally grab my attention and signal my brain to start looking for a toilet. Like, if I was just hanging out at home and I felt this sensation, I’d get up and go to the bathroom. But because I was so focused on driving, it came more as a surprise. I put my car in park so I could cross my legs. The urge to pee slowly infected all of my thoughts.

With nothing else to do, I took absent minded sips of my water and Gatorade, trying to stay hydrated. I knew this might bite me in the ass later, but I still had a minor headache. That had to be addressed first.

After a few minutes, the traffic started moving, but at a snail’s pace. So, I had no choice but to uncross my legs and put the car in drive.

As traffic inched forward, I tried to busy myself with surfing the radio and belting out to whatever pop song I came across. I was trying not to panic because this traffic jam was setting me back even more. My left heel rhythmically tapped as my mind subconsciously addressed my bladder. It wasn’t so bad yet. I just had another hour left, then I’d be at the convention center. Then I’d run to the nearest restroom and treat myself to a hearty pee.

The highway gods seemed to be at my side, because 10 minutes later, traffic started to pick up again. It was a construction site, and it looked like they were rebuilding the median or something. Four lanes of southbound traffic were bottlenecked into one lane, hence the back up.

My car finally passed the chokepoint and very soon I was back to 75 miles an hour.

I let out a little cheer, because this meant I could get back on schedule. And I’d get to a bathroom sooner. A part of me had started getting nervous that I’d have to hold it for a lot longer, and I felt my bladder fill even more. Now that worry mostly melted away.

On the road again, baby!

I gulped down the rest of my second Gatorade, so I was now carrying two bottles of Gatorade, half my 32 ounce water bottle, and pretty much all my venti iced coffee inside me. Not all of it had made it to my bladder yet, and I tried to stay positive. I hoped to be sitting on a toilet by the time all those liquids made it through my system.

A light flashed on my dash. I was dangerously low on gas. With a groan, I signaled and got into the right lane. An exit was coming up with a gas station right off the ramp. I’d fill up real quick and be on the road in 5 minutes.

At the gas station, I stepped out and immediately started pumping gas in my car. Being a bit of a clean freak, I grabbed the empty water bottle, one of the Gatorade bottles, and Starbucks cup and tossed them in the trash. I couldn’t stand having litter in my car for long.

I looked to the convenience store. By now my bladder had definitely filled up a lot more, and I really needed to pee now. I squeezed my legs together. A quick glance at my watch said that I was still running super behind. But was it worth pissing myself? I decided not to risk it.

I replaced the gas pump and closed the valve. I locked my car and quickly ran inside. This would have to be the fastest pee ever. Like, I’m gonna have to push it out.

Inside I made a beeline for the sign on the ceiling that said “Restrooms” towards the back and was met with an infuriating sight.

A big fat “OUT OF ORDER” sign was hastily taped on the one room unisex restroom. This was the only gas station off of the exit, and there were no other public buildings around. With a curse under my breath, I marched back out to my car and got back on the highway. No more stops now. I’ll just have to hold it until I get to Megacon.

And as I thought about it in the moment, I was confident that I could still make it. I’ve held on for longer before. Absolute worst-case scenario, I could pull off to the side of the highway and just pop a squat. If I really, really had to. So, I was still good! Nothing to worry about.

Boy, had I spoken too soon.

As I exited off the highway to get to the convention center, I turned into the wide street leading into the parking garage. And I gasped loudly.

Half a mile in the distance was the convention center. A long line of cars snaked from the parking garage, twice around the convention center, and went all the way down the street where my car idled at the very back of the line. Easily two hundred cars in front of me. And they weren’t moving at all.

“Are you fucking kidding me…”

It would probably be an hour sitting in this traffic before I could even reach the parking garage. It was now 11:50. I had made the drive in record time with some to spare to meet up with Nicole and walk the floor before the 1:30 panel, but this horrendous traffic might screw all that up. And on top of this, I was bursting to piss at this point.

I put my car in park and quickly crossed my legs once again. I took a deep breath and went through my options. I could leave this line, find a bathroom, get relief, and wait for the traffic to go down. But that meant I’d probably miss the panel, and half the day would be gone. Dozens of cars had already fallen in line behind me, so this traffic won’t go down any time soon.

The other option was to buck up and stick it out. I’d need to stay in line until I could find a parking spot and make a mad dash to the convention center without completely pissing myself. Could I do it? In that moment, I really thought I could.

A honk from the car behind me brought me back to focus. The line had moved forward a few feet. I put my car in gear and rolled forward. Some progress, yay! Maybe I could make it after all.

The next half hour was complete agony.

I sat in the driver’s seat, my legs knotted like pretzels, desperately bouncing and hyperventilating as if that would alleviate any of the constantly building pressure inside me. That kettle ball feeling in my bladder was back in full force. It felt hard like a rock.

The traffic would inch forward, I’d hold my breath and uncross my legs to roll my car forward. Then recross as soon as we stopped. Rinse and repeat this painful process.

“Oh my God! Why! Ughhhhhh!!! Oh man, I have to pee so bad! Dammit!” I said out loud.

These declarations of desperation accompanied some of these efforts.

At first, I was solely focused on holding my pee. I was convinced I could still make it to a bathroom without incident. Denial. Then I started thinking about what I could’ve done differently. All the opportunities I had along the way to stop and relieve myself so I wouldn’t be in this mess. I cursed myself out in my head. Anger. And then I started thinking how worth it this panel was. Maybe soaking my Makima cosplay wasn’t worth the trouble. I was really proud of how this turned out and if I’m being honest, I looked pretty hot in it. Bargaining. It led to me preemptively mourning the potential damage the ocean inside me could do to this costume. It really bummed me out. Depression.

At this point, I had already looped around the convention center once. I had to make another loop in slow traffic before even reaching the garage. And who knows if there will be any spots left once I get there. I wanted to cry. Perhaps my fate is to just flood my pants and my car and miss this panel I’ve been looking forward to for months. Acceptance.

Then it hit me. There was another way.

My eyes found the large Gatorade bottle in the passenger seat next to me. There was still some orange fluid in it, but what choice do I have?

I was on the verge of peeing my pants. This had to be done. There were cars on either side of my full of cosplayers and nerds, and my windows weren’t tinted, but like I said. I was truly desperate.

I quickly grabbed the Gatorade bottle and chugged the rest of it. I’d soon be returning the favor.

Then I started unbuckling my pants. This was happening. I couldn’t wait any longer. I’ve peed in a bottle once before. But that was in the back of a moving van with someone else driving, so I could just concentrate on peeing into the jug.

Now, I had to worry about inching my car forward, as well as potentially exposing myself to the folks in the cars around me. This was not going to be fun.

At that point I didn’t care. I was bursting for relief.

I got my belt undone and started pulling down my pants. My bladder had ballooned to its limit and unbuttoning my pants eased some of the tension. I had to brace my feet against the floor and lift my butt up off the seat so I could properly pull them down. After some effort, I yanked them down past my knees and left them bunched around my calves.

Now for my panties. I took a glace around and clocked that all the drivers around me were either stewing in their anger or concentrating on moving forward to notice what I was about to do. Good. With a deep breath I carefully hooked my thumbs on the waistband of my thong and pulled them down my thighs. They went as far down as my knees.

I sat back down on the seat. My crotch and butt were fully exposed now. Anyone could walk by, look inside, and see that Miss Makima had her pants down in the driver’s seat.

No time to dwell. I grabbed the Gatorade bottle, unscrewed the cap, and shoved the opening against my pee hole. I lifted my butt off the seat and adjusted the bottle, ready to receive my waters. I had to be careful not to spill. My aim was pretty good, but there was no predicting what my stream would do. It could be a thick jet, a thin laser stream, or it could all splatter out messily.

My breaths were labored but I forced myself to relax. I blocked everything else out and just concentrated on letting my urine out. It should’ve been easy, because my body had been begging for that for the past two hours.

But nothing happened.

“Come on… come on…”

Of course this would happen. Total agony this whole drive, and now when I had the chance to relieve it, I get all pee shy.

I tried to push it out, but nothing would come out.

“Please…” I was literally begging my bladder to release its contents. But the high stress environment and unconventional position of my body made my urethra lock up.

The traffic inched forward again. A car behind me honked.

I had to quickly set the bottle aside, sit back down on my bare ass, and move my car forward.

Again, I grabbed the bottle and tried to pee. And again, my body refused to answer the call of nature. My usually flat stomach was now bulging out from all the piss I was holding. No matter how much I pushed or tried to relax, it literally felt like someone had stuck a cork down there. And despite its refusal, my brain still screamed in desperation. I was starting to tear up. That moment might have been the worst I’ve ever had to pee in my life up to that point.

Then, I saw my salvation.

Traffic started moving. Like, really moving. Something I wished my bladder had done minutes earlier. Two new lanes had opened up, and traffic workers were directing the backed-up cars to a grassy field for overflow parking.

Holy crap, respite at last. I tossed the empty bottle aside and drove my car forward, following the new flow of traffic. It would be a longer walk but at least there would be a spot for me. As I passed the first guy signaling the cars forward, I remembered that my vagina was literally out in the open for the world to see. Momentarily forgetting about my desperation, I yanked my pants and underwear up as I drove onto the grassy field where the cars were being directed into spots Disneyland style.

My foot shook from desperation as I stepped on the gas and had to slam on the brakes to keep from smashing into the car in front of me. I turned off the engine. Finally, I could full focus on holding my immense flood in.

I grabbed the Gatorade bottle once more, but as I looked up, I made eye contact with a traffic enforcer. He just had to station himself in the spot right in front of my car to direct con goers and other cars towards the right direction. It didn’t look like he was going to move any time soon.

So, I could either endure more of this agony or give this guy a free pee show.

My dignity won out.

With an exasperated sigh, I refastened my pants, careful not to rupture the flood gates, and carefully stepped out of my car.

My legs felt numb. As I stood up fully, gravity took a couple of punches to my gut and my need to pee worsened. I didn’t think it was possible. I leaned forward and shoved my hands in my crotch. I didn’t care who saw me. I just needed to fucking pee.

Popping a squat between cars was not an option. There were too many people exiting their cars and walking by. The only other option was to finish the pilgrimage and make it to the convention center. I could see it in the distance. A nearly half a mile walk from my car to the entrance. Nothing but cars and people in between me and the facilities.

Gathering my strength and praying for dry pants, I took a deep breath and started walking.

Each step forward sent a small jolt to my bladder. It felt like a heavy cannonball in my abdomen. My eyes watered and my brow was sweaty from the exertion. Yet my single minded quest to reach the bathroom kept me focused. My vision tunneled as I walked among the hundreds of people heading for the entrance.

Every now and then someone would complement my cosplay, but they sounded muffled and distant. I felt bad not responding, but what I was going through was the very definition of an emergency.

A spurt escaped into my pants. The trickle of pee ran down my leg inside my pants. I tried to mask my surprise but I definitely gasped. I picked up the pace. The con entrance still looked miles away. Another spurt came out. My black pants would hide it some but any more and they’d start to glisten.

Another spurt. This time longer.

I wasn’t going to make it. I could feel my bladder starting to surrender. The walls were coming down. I had maybe two minutes to figure something out or else I was soaking myself.

Scanning my surroundings, my eyes fell on a construction site up ahead. The newest parking garage, still blocked off with metal fences covered in tarp. It had recently been painted and construction vehicles still surrounded it.

It was my only option.

I started veering towards it, fighting against the crowd. I hoped no one was paying attention when I slipped through a gap in the fence. I disappeared behind the tarp and was finally hidden from the crowds.

Thankfully the construction site was empty. But no porta potties around. Fuck!

Not that it mattered. Pee was starting to come out of me. I had run out of time. My breaths were hard and short, and I couldn’t even think any more. Holy shit, I had to go so badly.

I only had enough clarity to unbuckle my belt, unzip my pants, and clear them just enough to expose my pee hole before hot piss exploded out of me and arced three feet out in front of me. It splattered noisily on the dirt as I stood pissing my brains out like a plastered guy in a back alley on a drunken night.

“Holy fuckkkkkkk!” I nearly fell backwards from the force, but thankfully the fence caught me. My eyes rolled into the back of my head as I reached down and spread myself, unleashing an even bigger torrent than before.

I gasped for air. It felt amazing.

I spread my legs wider a just little bit and basked in the feeling of sweet relief. I had no time to even squat. I just stood there peeing for over a minute and a half. My entire body shuddered from relief.

My mouth hung open in a silent moan and stayed like that until the arc of my stream weakened.

Just for good measure, I pushed a couple of times, releasing a few more strong spurts. “Haaa!” “Ohhh…” And then it was finally over. Because I was standing, I dripped a little on my pants. But I didn’t care. It felt so good to finally be empty. I stayed standing with my legs spread, catching my breath, leaning against the fence with my pants down and privates dripping for another few minutes.

I was exhausted. Nearly that entire drive was spent fighting off the desperation. Even though I didn’t make it to the toilet, I still didn’t wet my pants. My Makima cosplay was saved. Well, for the most part.

In front of me was an absolute lake of piss. I couldn’t believe I held all of that inside of me.

I checked my watch. It was 1:45. I had missed the panel. Dammit.

Can’t win them all I guess. I drip dried some more and refastened my pants and belt. Feeling light as a feather, I made the rest of the walk to the convention center. At least I could enjoy the rest of it without feeling like I was about to explode.

And, good news, my headache was finally gone.

