The Cosplayer

Author: exeloro

*012*2024-11-15 17:20

5. ENDGAME

Ever had to pee really bad while watching a movie in theaters? I’m sure it’s happened to everyone, but I bet you it’s never happened to you as bad as it did to me when I marathoned the last two Avenger’s movies in a skintight costume. Add in a couple of large sodas, and… well, I don’t wanna spoil it…

This was a few years back when I was still a bit of a novice in the cosplay world. But I’ve made friends with some really cool people in the community already. It was Nicole who messaged me about an epic double feature of Avengers: Infinity War and Avengers: Endgame happening for one night only that weekend at the brick-and-mortar theater downtown. She had immediately snagged 3 tickets and thank goodness she did. That event sold out in under an hour.

The third ticket went to Rowan, our mutual friend and our most recent convert to the church of cosplay. Her first con was a week earlier, and she went all out with her Katniss Everdeen costume. That’s a pretty good starter cosplay. Not too complex, but instantly recognizable if done properly.

The night of the double feature came, and the three of us showed up 45 minutes before showtime. Despite that, there was already a line rounding the block of nerds and cosplayers like myself who’re just ecstatic to relive the glory days. Obviously, all three of us were in MCU cosplay.

Tonight, Rowan opted to go with Scarlet Witch as her costume. Being a natural red head, it was the logical choice. She was wearing the Civil War-Infinity War era Scarlet Witch suit, so it was a simple corset over black shirt and leggings. And matching maroon boots and faux leather overcoat. Pretty darn good.

I wore my Spider-Man costume which I modded myself. It was a high quality costume store onesie, but I added extra length to the pant legs and sewed them directly into the soles of a pair of old sneakers I had. They were falling apart, and I salvaged the bottom parts for this purpose. The result is a pretty convincing Spider-Man costume that I was pretty proud of. It’s one of the first DIY builds I did.

I also opted to go without the mask. Watching a movie through the Spider-Man mask was not ideal, so I just wore my hair down and had minimal “battle-scar” makeup on. So, I’m like Spider-Man at the end of every movie, where somehow his mask always comes off.

As you might have guessed, the suit is as skintight as they come, and every curve of my figure was on full display. I was extra self-conscious about it, but I started gaining confidence when a few people in line for the theater complemented me on my suit when we arrived. It was a little chilly that night, so I wore my yellow jacket that looked close enough to a blazer. That way I can say I’m Peter Parker from Spiderman Homecoming, wearing the yellow decathlon blazer over his suit in some of the promo posters.

And yes, going pee required taking off the whole thing and pulling it down my legs. Basically, I had to get naked to pee. And because the suit was tight and any bra and panty lines would stand out, all I had underneath the web suit were pasties to cover my nipples and my skimpiest panties. I wasn’t worried though. The suit is pretty comfortable and durable, and I tested out its bathroom functionality when I went pee at home before leaving for the movie.

Nicole was cosplaying as Gamora, down to painting her face and hands green and wearing a wig to match the character’s hair. Her and I have a fairly similar build and body type, so she looked pretty badass with her prop sword and mean face.

We had met up at Nicole’s apartment, where we partook in some pita and hummus as well as iced tea. Nicole just knows how to brew a good batch of sweet tea. I downed two whole glasses. When it was time to head to the theater, I briefly considered stopping by the bathroom, but I didn’t really have to go yet. I figured I could hold it and just go at the theater since we had time.

Well, this was before we saw the mammoth line out the door. I got a bit worried. But my bladder capacity is well-tested, and I could barely feel the iced teas yet.

As we waited in line, I kept my mind occupied by talking to my friends excitedly about the MCU and the experience we were about to have. I was lucky enough to catch Infinity War in theaters, but an exhausting finals week prevented me from experiencing the cultural event that was opening weekend of Endgame. This would be the closest I could get to capturing that feeling.

Looking up and down the line, one out of every three people were in costume, anywhere between quickly put together and professionally done. We knew we had the right crowd. These were the people that were gonna scream and cheer when Cap picks up Mjolnir.

We finally got inside the theater with 10 minutes left before showtime, and I could definitely feel the signals in my bladder telling me to find a toilet soon. Though, it’s at a level where I could still wait an hour or two if I really had to.

My heart sank when I saw the long lines leading out of both bathrooms. People were getting their preemptive pees in. Since this was an old theater, the ladies probably only had two stalls at most. And it was a sold-out crowd. I tried not to panic. I’d already seen Infinity War before. I can just get up in the middle of the movie if it came down to it. No big deal.

Nicole split off and told us she’d get drinks and popcorn for all of us. We should go ahead and get to our seats. The last thing I need right now is even more liquids going through my body, but she was at the snack line before I could decline my share.

Inside the old-timey theater, the energy was electric. People were buzzing in their seats and taking pictures of each other’s costumes. Rowan and I got stopped a couple of times by avid fans to take pictures with us in costume before we could find our seats in the middle left of the theater. It was almost showtime and now I was at the level where I would normally go and sit on the toilet. It was now or never. I decided to play it safe and stood up, but just as I did. The lights dimmed, and the crowd roared. The show was about to begin, and I was too late.

Still trying to convince myself not to worry, I decided that I’d give the movie 10-15 minutes, then once everyone is settled in, I’d head to the bathroom to address this growing need in me. As I sat back down with a plan, I got caught up in the excitement. That ominous Marvel logo flashing on the screen, then fading to the Asgardian distress call gave me chills once again. Or was that the urge to pee making itself known? I couldn’t tell. It was Infinity War time, baby.

Fifteen minutes in, Nicole finally arrived with large popcorns and even larger drinks, and I completely forgot about my plan to go to the bathroom. I was invested in the movie, so much so that I absent mindedly took the large soda and sipped from it as I ate the popcorn and watch the Avengers take on Thanos.

There’s never a dull moment for me in this movie, so it was a fool’s pursuit to even think I’d leave the theater at any point in the middle.

We reached the infamous ending of the movie: the Snap. I couldn’t help but get teary eyed at Bucky and Peter Parker turning to dust. Yeah, sure, call me lame. But this was a cultural moment. And it still hits to this day. Once the credits rolled and everyone was dead silent from reexperiencing that trauma all over again, it hit me like a freight train:

I had to pee soooooo bad.

I squirmed in my seat and crossed and recrossed my legs. People were starting to get up for the 20 minute intermission between the movies. I made eye contact with Rowan. Without saying a word, we knew we were thinking the same thing: Bathroom. Now.

When we made it out to the lobby, I nearly burst into tears. The lines to the bathrooms were already looping all around the lobby. We both got in line, but I could already tell we weren’t gonna make it before Endgame starts.

“Ugh, I shouldn’t have drank that much soda. I have to piss like a racehorse.” Rowan bit her lip and crossed her legs. The Scarlet Witch herself was bursting for a pee right next to me. She had gotten up to use the bathroom in the middle of Infinity War, but now that she had broken the seal, she was refilling much faster.

“Yeah. I haven’t peed since I left my place.” I subtly bend my crossed legs, giving me some relief from the building pressure.

“Holy crap, really? You drank, like, a bunch of iced tea.”

“Please don’t remind me.” I gritted my teeth. Being reminded of that send a wave of pressure over me. The tight Spider-Man outfit wasn’t doing me any favors.

I’ve been in situations like this before, and I’ve usually prevailed. But this was getting grim by the minute. The line had barely moved, and we’re already halfway through the intermission.

“Hey babes! Want anything from the snack bar?” Nicole joined us at the line, but she wasn’t planning on hitting up the bathrooms. She was one of the ones blessed with an iron bladder the size of the hoover dam. I once saw her hold it all through a 7-hour road trip. It was nearly inhuman. My mere mortal capacity and Rowan’s peanut bladder could never.

“Um, we’re good. Just trying not to wet ourselves.” Rowan nearly whimpered.

“Ah, sorry guys. I get the feeling.”

“No, you don’t.” Rowan and I proclaimed in unison.

Nicole chuckled, but she genuinely looked concerned for us. “There’s the bar a block down we can go to if it’s an emergency.”

“I don’t think we’ll have time.” I checked my watch, concerned.

There were still twenty girls in various states of distress ahead of us.

“Okay, we’ll hang in there. I’ll go get us snacks. Nicole left us to our peril. Rowan was now bouncing up and down. My legs were clamped shut and I was fidgeting.

A few minutes passed, then Rowan took a deep breath. She seemed to have made up her mind.

“Hey, I’m just gonna go pop a squat outside. I’m literally about to explode. Wanna come with me?”

That seemed so tempting. I’m not one to shy away from peeing outdoors, but with my costume requiring me to get naked to pee, that was simply not an option in the moment.

“I’m good, Ro. You go ahead. I think I can still wait.” I was lying, of course.

“You sure? Okay. Last chance. Wanda Maximoff is about to power wash the alley out back.” Rowan said with a smirk.

“Gross. Have fun.” Every friend group has that one friend that had no filter. Rowan delivered in spades. Off she went to claim her relief, and I was left in my desperate state.

Two minutes left. Seeing Endgame on the big screen was the whole reason I’m here. It was decision time. That’s when my second wind hit me. The pain in my blader subsided to the point of being manageable, and as the lights flashed on and off in the lobby, I felt a renewed determination. I was going to make it through this 3 hour movie. I was going to enjoy it, and my full bladder wasn’t going to stand in the way. To miss the beginning and use the bathroom would be admitting defeat.

I turned and marched back into the theater, the liquids sloshing around inside me. I was going to face it like an Avenger. We’re in the endgame now.

Three hours felt like one. The movie went from one exhilarating set piece to the next. All of my favorite characters interacting, fighting by one another, traveling through time. The crowd cheered and laughed. We all cried with Black Widow sacrificed herself, and we yelled like it was the Superbowl when everyone came out of the portals. It was amazing.

However, as the movie started to wind down, and old feeling started making itself known again. This time I was ready. I knew there was no post credits scene. I know what happens at the end. With a couple of more wrap up segments left, I quickly got up and scooted across the row, into the aisle, and towards the exit. In my book, I’d accomplished my mission. I sat through the entirety of Endgame without wetting myself! As the credits started to roll, I reached the exit doors. There was already a line out the bathrooms, but not nearly as ridiculous as in the intermission. Only 4 people ahead of me. This was doable.

As the lobby crowded with the excited post movie murmur and rush to get home, my need to pee dramatically increased. It was that phenomenon where the closer you get to relief, the more your body wants it.

And I wanted it sooooo badly. I didn’t even care now. I was doing a full-on pee dance. Both my hands were pressed up against my crotch and I was bent forward, breathing shallow breaths. There have only been a handful of moments where I was this close to bursting, and this is quickly climbing to the top three.

Only two more people in front of me. Then one. I was starting to leak. I can’t ruin my costume like this. Let alone embarrass myself in public. I couldn’t breathe. My pelvic muscles hurt so bad. I wanted more than anything to rip my skintight onesie off and just let it all out on the toilet.

Then, disaster struck.

A custodian came out and marked the ladies room as out of order! Someone had clogged the toilets or something, and the men’s line has by now tripled in length.

The world collapsed around me. This was it. I was going to pee myself in public. Again. All hope is lost. My grip on my crotch loosened, my stream threatening to burst forth.

Then I felt a tug at my arm. I looked over, and saw Nicole, dressed as badass Gamora, pulling me toward the exit, her “take charge” face on.

“Come on, we gotta get you to that bar bathroom.”

She’s my hero, my savior, my Avenger. My legs moved along with her, and it was like I was on autopilot. I couldn’t think of anything else but holding my pee. There were tears in my eyes.

“Move! Move it! Excuse me!” Nicole plowed a path for us. Her gently but somehow also firmly pulling me along. Trailing behind is Rowan.

We get to the outside and make a beeline toward the sports bar down the street we’ve been to a few times. The air was chilly, but my whole body felt hot. A few drops of pee squirted out and I nearly screamed. Instead it came out as a strained moan.

“Hold on babe, you got this.” Nicole was my guiding light.

We were almost there, but then Rowan suddenly doubled over in pain.

“Guys, wait! I can’t. I can’t hold it anymore. I gotta go now!” Rowan stumbled towards the narrow alley to our right. I’d been so focused on my crisis that I hadn’t noticed that Rowan had been desperate to pee this whole time too. And now she’s reached her limit.

“Stand guard!” Rowan unbuckled her leggings and yanked them down to the top of her boots. She positioned herself next to an air conditioning unit and moved her overcoat out of the way as she dropped into a full squat.

In full view of us, Rowan’s pee stream exploded out of her, shooting forward with an aggressive hiss and dousing the pavement in front of her.

“Ohhhhhhhh Godddddd. That’s so fucking good!” Rowan looked to the heavens in relief, her eyes lightly closed and her legs fully open.

The sound of the splattering stream nearly sent me into oblivion.

“Babe, hurry up, okay? We gotta get Cass to a toilet.” Nicole held onto me to keep me from fainting.

Rowan spoke through gasps. “I’m sorry….hah…. I couldn’t wait….hahhh….hahhh…had to pee….so badly….ahhhhhhh.”

I think it was here that I completely dissociated.

Thankfully, Rowan’s racehorse piss, as per usual, was strong but swift. She quickly finished, drip dried, and pulled her pants up in record time. Then we were back to getting to the sports bar. It was a team effort now. I could barely walk.

We burst through the doors of the rowdy bar, passed the “restrooms for customers only” sign, and quickly spot the restrooms on the other end. Over the loud hockey game cheers, Rowan spoke into Nicole’s ear.

“Get to the bathroom. I’ll go and buy us something from the bar.

With a nod, Nicole and I made the final home stretch dash to the ladies room.

I’m not sure how I made it. To this day, everything was pointing towards me soaking my Spider-Man outfit right there at the front of the bar, as soon as I saw the signs to the bathroom. Heck, I should’ve peed myself halfway through Endgame.

But somehow, I didn’t. Nicole and I pushed passed drunk hockey fans and reached the one room women’s bathroom with no further incident.

Nicole led me inside, and as soon as she latched the door behind us, instinct took over. I made a beeline towards the only toilet in the corner of the room. One hand firmly grabbing my crotch, the other pulling on the zipper in the back of my neck. I was aware that I was breathing hard at this point.

Once I reached the toilet, I turned around, and in one swift motion, I peeled my costume off, pulling my arms out, exposing my boobs, pulling it down past my waist, and down below my knees. My panties were quick to come down next, and once they were bunched around my knees, I quickly sat down on the seat and leaned forward with my elbows on my thighs. I braced myself.

Nothing happened for a couple of seconds. Then…

Finally, at long last, I started peeing.

It started as a trickle but very quickly grew into a thundering pee stream. Splashing loudly into the water below.

“Oh fuckkkk! Haaahhhhhhhhh…..” I couldn’t help it. It was heaven. My bladder hurt so much but the pee felt so good coming out. It was otherworldly.

My stream echoed off the tile walls. I stared off into nothing, my eyes lightly closed. The pee just kept coming out like a waterfall. All that iced tea, and water, and soda finally getting expelled.

The stream reached a crescendo, then slowly died down back to a trickle. Then just a few drips. Even after it ended, I sat there with my Spider-Man costume bunched around my calves, basically naked in a sports bar bathroom, feeling nothing but bliss. I leaned forward and buried my face in my hands as one final spurt came out and I let out a long, exhausted, happy sigh.

I’d done it. Mission accomplished. Bladder emptied.

“Uh, Cass? If you’re done, I kinda have to pee too.”

I looked up and realized that Nicole has been in the bathroom with me this whole time, and now she’s the one with her legs tightly crossed and hands tightly grabbing her crotch.

“Oh, crap. Sorry.” I quickly started pulling some TP off and wiped. “I got a little carried away.”

“Hah, yeah it looked like you were having a spiritual experience there.” Nicole was already unbuckling her pants.

“I mean, pretty much. I feel so much better now.” I did a couple of hops to get my onesie suit back up. I slipped my arms back in, and Nicole zipped me up in the back.

“Yeah, you almost went for a whole minute.”

“Wait, that was less than a minute? It felt like so much longer.”

“Maybe one day, babe.” Nicole gave me a wink as she went past me and took my place on the toilet.

As I went to the sink to wash my hands, Nicole dropped her pants, placed herself comfortably on the toilet seat, and proceeded to pee steadily for 4 whole minutes.

*014*2024-11-16 17:17

{{11 hours ago, rfthawne said:

Fantastic new chapter. You really capture the struggle of the desperation so well, and it was great to see the others girls get desperate as well. With Nicole having such a large bladder seemingly, I'll be interested to see how she gets involved as the stories go on (hopefully).

}}

Thank you! Glad you caught that. We'll definitely be seeing more of Nicole in future chapters. 😉

*018*2025-01-14 16:59

Thank you!

I took a little break, but I'm hoping to start posting more of Cassie's adventures in the next week or two. Also, I do have a photoshoot story planned for her so stay tuned!

*020*2025-02-13 06:22

6. HOLIDAYS

Hey! Did you miss me? 🙂

Well, fret not because I’m back! Apologies for the longer than usual hiatus. I got pretty busy over the holidays. Things kind of popped off all at once you know? But I’m back with more cosplaying adventures and all the pee desperation and bathroom usage that comes with it.

I hope you didn’t think I was done. Because we’re a long ways away from that, babe.

Speaking of which, lemme make up for my absence with a trio of pee stories for you! Yep. All three of these happened over this past holiday season, so it wasn’t all for naught.

Holidays are always pretty chaotic, and this past year, my bladder decided to join in on the fun. Buckle up, buttercup.

THANKSGIVING – We’ve all been there. Too much soda or juice at the dinner table after that big hearty meal. The race to the bathroom before any of your other family members get there. The massive relief of emptying yourself and then falling asleep on the couch afterwards.

Well this story starts after that. I’d already eaten a hearty dinner with my family and had myself a nice toilet session by the time Elena picked me up at my house. You guys remember Elena right? From the ghost story?

Well out of our high school squad, she was the only one that stayed in our hometown. She got her finance degree at the local college and now she’s engaged to get married!

We had planned to meet up while I was in town for Thanksgiving, and our schedules only aligned on Thanksgiving night itself. She had plans to go Christmas shopping for her fiancé and I said I’d tag along so we could hang. The mall had supposed door buster deals that night, and it seems as though Black Friday was starting half a day early.

At the mall, we managed to score a parking spot towards the back without having to fight anyone off. It seemed like the whole town was at the mall that night.

As we walked the mall and chatted, my bladder was quickly refilling from all the wine, water, and juice I had at dinner. I knew the restrooms were at the food court, but we were headed in the opposite direction, towards Macy’s. Elena had her eyes set on a specific pair of loafers she wanted to get her fiancé.

We had stopped to get boba teas on the way to the mall, and my large drink was down to the ice and left over boba balls. That only added fuel to the fire. Or, I guess flood.

As we perused the department stores, I kept my eyes out for potential pieces for my next big cosplay project. I was going to do Korra from Avatar. Specifically her look from season 2. The pieces for her fur lined pants and top were harder than expected to find, and I was hoping the specialty stores in my home town could help. And maybe even for a bargain on Black Friday.

I hit the jackpot when we hit the clearance section of Macy’s and I found a pair of pants nearly identical to the style of Korra’s. I couldn’t believe my luck. It was baggy in the right ways and even had a leather drawstring belt to accompany it. I wouldn’t even have to mod it that much. I quickly grabbed it and took a closer look. All it needed was some faux fur on the fringes and something that looks like a leather covering to go around the waist. It’s perfect for the cosplay.

“Hey, I’m gonna try some clothes on. Gonna come with?”

Elena came up to me with a bunch of pants and tops all draped over her arms. She was never one to turn down a shopping spree.

“Yeah! I actually wanna try these on.”

I showed her the pants. Elena made a face.

“Are you sure? That was on the clearance rack for a reason.”

“It’s for my cosplay, dick.” I chided.

“Ok good. Just making sure.” She glided over to the changing rooms and I followed.

As I trailed behind her, I became really aware of how much I needed to pee. It seemed to come out of nowhere. I guess all the liquids are finally catching up to me. I made up my mind to head for the bathrooms once I tried on these pants.

Elena and I both stepped into the changing room. It was one of the bigger ones, with mirrors on both sides. Elena immediately began her try on marathon while I carefully took of my pants. I could feel the liquids sloshing around inside me as I slipped the pants on. I tried to ignore it as I pulled them up and filled it out. It looked even better than I imagined.

I adjusted the leather belt and tied it off with a double knot. Then I pulled it tight.

Big mistake. That was all it took.

Like a bullet to a pane of glass, that one motion broke down the walls holding in my pee. It felt like the floodgates shattered, and a hissing noise escaped from underneath me.

“Oh! Oh fuck! What the --!” It took me a second to fully realize what was happening. I was totally peeing myself.

Warm pent-up pee cascaded out of me and down the pants that would’ve been so perfect for my Korra cosplay. The front darkened to a wet shade of blue as my pee quietly splattered on the floor. I couldn’t believe what was happening.

“Cass, what’s – oh! Oh my gosh!”

Elena turned around and was just as shocked as I was. I met her gaze with wide eyes and my mouth agape. I had no words. I truly thought I could hold it for another five minutes. The only sound between us was my piss rushing out.

My face started to burn with embarrassment. It had been a minute since I totally peed myself. By the time I finished, my legs, my feet, and the pants were completely soaked. Piss dripped from my crotch and down the puddle on the floor.

“Holy fuck. I just peed!” I covered my mouth to stifle a yelp. Or maybe it was a laugh. Could’ve gone either way. Elena herself burst into giggles. I followed suit. We couldn’t help it. This was totally absurd.

I forced myself to stop laughing and listened. It didn’t seem like anyone outside the fitting room has realized what happened. Elena was also listening.

“We gotta get outta here!” Elena whisper-yelled.

She didn’t have to tell me twice. I quickly slipped the perfect pants off, took off my soaked panties, and aid them in the corner. I then put on my jeans, going commando, and we peaced out of that fitting room. We tried to hide our guilt as we quickly power walked past the checkout counter, and I mentally apologized to whichever employee was going to open that fitting room door and find the accident I had left behind.

When we got to the car, it felt like we had gotten away with a crime. We burst out laughing in the car. Unable to control ourselves.

“Jeez Cass, you could’ve told me you had to go!” Elena said, giggling.

“I’m sorry! I thought I could hold it. I had no idea how that happened.” I really didn’t. It wasn’t like I was about to burst. I guess the conditions aligned.

As for the pants, looks like I’ll have to go elsewhere to complete my Korra cosplay. As we drove away from the mall, I turned towards Elena.

“I don’t think we can ever go back there.”

“Ha. Add that to the list.”

“Sorry I ruined Christmas shopping El.”

“Don’t worry about it! It’s just like old times.” She gave me a grin. I knew exactly what she was talking about.

CHRISTMAS – This past Christmas, I made the unfortunate choice to agree to be part of my aunt’s production of A Christmas Carol that the community theater puts on every year. If you’re ever wondering who taught me how to sew, look no further than my Auntie Laura.

I got home a week earlier than I usually do for Christmas, just in time to catch the show that Friday night. Auntie Laura had asked if I could participate, and I said sure. I had no other plans. What I hadn’t realized was that this required me to be in full costume, and I hated those costumes.

I was going to play the role of one of the townspeople. It was simple, straight-forward. I didn’t even have any lines. All I had to do was be part of the crowd scenes. The costume in question was a Victorian style dress. It went all the way down to the floor and the skirt was multiple layers. It was red with green and cream-colored accents. It came with a matching style hat and red boots that took years to tie all the way up. Basically, what you’d see classic carolers wear in Central Park. Yep. That.

I’d been in this production a couple of times before so imagine my surprise when I dusted off the old dress and the thing still fit me! I mean it was a little tight in a couple of places, but overall it was still wearable.

For all intents and purposes, it was a beautiful Victorian dress. But the multilayered design made it, you guessed it, challenging to go to the bathroom. I made sure not to drink too much water while I was in costume.

I did my time and the play went off without incident. Not even a twinge from my blader throughout.

After the play, I planned to head back to my house and be free of this darn thing, but Auntie Laura and my mom pulled a fast one on me. My grandparents were having a Christmas gathering that night, and we were heading straight there after the play. That meant me going there as a Charles Dickens era woman. Lovely.

We drove straight to the farmhouse where my grandparents live. It was a nice, rustic place, straight out of a post card. I’d spent a lot of my childhood running through their fields and climbing the trees near the barn.

At the farmhouse, it seemed like the whole extended family was there, and only a couple of them were fazed at my peculiar style of dress. They know about my cosplaying passions so this was nothing new to them. I did have to remind them that this was Auntie’s idea, not mine.

I did my rounds of greeting and chatting all the relatives. Throughout I snacked on hors d’oeuvres and drank my fair share of wine and soda. After an hour or so of this, I started to feel it. It was time to wrangle this dress in and visit the ladies room.

I went to the guest bathroom on the first floor. Locked. I went upstairs to the bathroom there. Occupied. I went back downstairs and just missed the exchange between the previous occupant and my uncle, who I knew was going to be in there for a while.

Annoyed, I waited by the bathroom. My need to pee was getting pretty bad, but still manageable. My grandpa was walking by and I asked him if there were any other bathrooms in the house.

“Oh, well the one in the basement is broken. Other than that, there’s the upstairs and downstairs.”

“Both are currently unavailable” I said. I crossed my legs under the hefty dress.

My grandpa chuckled.

“Well, there’s always the outhouse.”

As he walked away, I realized he was right. This farm had been in the family for generations, and they did have an outhouse in the backyard from the 1800s or something. I remember always seeing it whenever I’d visit. I had never used it though. Not when the house had indoor plumbing.

I guess that was an option. But did I have to go that bad that I had to consider it?

Nah. Not at that moment. I could still wait. I went back to the festivities, eating more finger foods and partaking in some classic eggnog. Those of the alcoholic variety.

I kept one eye on the bathroom but there was just an assembly line of people going in and out.

Typical. I got pulled into a drinking game with my cousins, which didn’t help things. My bladder filled more and more, and it was getting more and more difficult to keep my composure. I finally untangled myself from the ring of fire game but got cornered in the kitchen by my other Uncle who wanted to talk to me about setting up my 401k. Never too early to do that after all.

As he talked, a bladder spasm hit me like a freight train.

In the last five minutes, my need had suddenly intensified tenfold. Something about being so close to the bathroom always triggered that.

A spurt of pee escaped into my panties.

I quickly squeezed my thighs together and bent forward. I held in a gasp.

"Yep. Outhouse it is."

I excused myself from the dazzling conversation about 401ks and headed to the back. I came out the back door and could see the outhouse on the outer edge of the yard. It was what you’d expect a typical outhouse to look like. A one room wooden shack with a pitched roof. The door even had that crescent moon window on it.

There was a light layer of snow on the ground so I held up the sides of the dress as I trudged through the yard to get to it. Now I really felt like I was in the olden times.

The outhouse was a lot nicer the closer I got. My grandparents really took the time to preserve this relic of the past.

I swung open the door and was met with complete darkness. I took out my phone and used the flashlight to get my bearings. I could barely see the toilet in the cramped room. As I shined my light around, I managed to find the lamp hanging on the wall right next to the door. It was a battery powered Coleman camping lamp, so I guess I should be thankful it wasn’t an oil lamp I had to light.

I flicked on the switch and the LED light illuminated the cramped room. Right in front of me was the toilet. A seat and lid bolted onto a raised wooden surface going across the outhouse. It was actually kind of nice. There was a shelf on one side with a couple of books. On the other small shelf was a small plant. On one side of the toilet seat were three rolls of toilet paper. On the other side was the air spray. Above the toilet was a cure picture of a puppy in a tulip field. Not bad for an old timey bathroom.

The wind kicked up outside, sending a chill down my spine and reminding me of my pressing need. I quickly closed the door, only to realize there was no lock. Great.

I lifted the lid. A dark void greeted me. Good thing it was nighttime because I did not want to know what was down there. And surprisingly there wasn’t a strong smell. Turning around, I went about the annoying process of lifting my Victorian dress. It took some effort, cause I had to grab every layer or else it would keep falling. I had to shimmy and shake my hips to get my dress fully pulled up. It was quite the task.

With my dress finally gathered around my waist using one hand, I reached down with my other hand and pulled my underwear down. My aunt is huge on period accuracy, so I was wearing the long bloomer underwear that went with these dresses. I let them drop to my ankles. I took a half step back and finally sat my bare bottom on the seat.

I adjusted myself and got comfortable. Using both my arms I kept my dress gathered around my torso. It was so layered and thick that pretty much all my thighs and knees were completely covered. The only indication that I was using the toilet was my underwear around my ankles. I guess that was a little comforting in case anyone walked in on me at that moment. They wouldn’t see anything.

I bent forward a little and let out a relieved sigh as my pee started. A strong, hefty stream. It fell straight down into the pit of gross liquid and whatever else underneath me. A steady tinkling emanated from down there.

"Mmmmmmm." It felt really good to finally pee. And strangely, I felt really cozy sitting in this tight room, dressed like a Victorian caroler, enjoying the simple pleasure of relieving myself.

After I finished, I wiped, pulled up my bloomers, and put my dress back down. It took a bit to get it all straightened out.

So I guess that’s what it was like to use an outhouse. First time for everything.

NEW YEARS – Every now and then, I’d do a gig for an event planning firm where I’d dress up and perform in one of their exclusive events. Things like this happen all the time. When you go to a high-class bar or club and there’d be themed events, there would be people in costume interacting with guests. Sometimes that involved dancing, other times we were required to hold entire conversations with guests, but mostly it’s just standing around and greeting people while in costume. It was that kind of gig that was right up my alley.

This time I’d taken a job on New Years Eve. Usually, I spend my New Years with family, but I came back earlier for work. My day job just loves scheduling meetings towards the end of the year. So what the heck, I took this extra gig because the pay was great and I really wanted an excuse to get into costume again. It was at a party at this fancy downtown rooftop bar and club. They had an Old Hollywood themed party, where guests could come and relive the opulence of 1920s Hollywood while counting down to the new year.

The event planner assigned us our “characters” for the evening. I got assigned Holly Golightly, Audrey Hepburn’s iconic character. Never mind the fact that Breakfast at Tiffany’s came out in 1961 and was nowhere near 1920s old Hollywood, but I guess they’re playing fast and loose with history. Regardless, I was excited to don this cosplay.

It didn’t take much to out together. Just a couple of trips to the local thrift store and a dive into my mom’s old wardrobe before I flew back. Holly’s hair was surprisingly the toughest part. I decided to forgo a wig and go all natural, and it took me nearly an hour to get the styling just right. I slipped on my gloves, grabbed my fake cigarette holder, and got ready to party.

I took a look at myself in the mirror. Not bad at all. The short black dress and stockings really accentuated my legs. I gave my best Audrey Hepburn smile. Man, it felt good to be cosplaying again. Especially for a paycheck.

I felt a twinge in my bladder. The water I’d been guzzling all day was catching up to me. I should definitely visit the toilet before heading out. But as I gazed towards my bathroom and felt the pressure building inside me, my lips curled into a mischievous grin.

I grabbed my purse and headed out the door without stepping foot in the bathroom.

The bar where the party was taking place in one of the tall buildings in downtown. The venue itself took up the top four floors of the building. The first one being a speakeasy lounge area, the next two floors above it a large cosmopolitan type bar surrounded by two story glass windows with breathtaking views of the city. And above that is another rooftop bar that was garden themed. Definitely one of the coolest and fanciest bars I’ve been to.

Once I got there, I said hi to Riley, the guy who usually works the downstairs bar. We’ve worked a couple of these parties together and he’s my go to when it comes to a friendly face among strangers. He’d give me a free drink here and there in exchange for each other’s company on busy nights. It helps that he’s super cute and I’m pretty sure he has a crush on me.

The instructions to us costumed floor walkers were clear. Walk around in character and chat with guests. The longer the interaction the better. So, I watched the movie over and over to get her accent and mannerisms just right. It led me down a rabbit hole of other Audrey Hepburn movies. She was quite the movie star.

Anyways, the place really started to fill out around 8pm. I did my rounds on the floor and got a lot of compliments on my look. I chatted up some friendly patrons and had my fair share of long oogling stares from various old men. It’s part of the job. As long as there’s no inappropriate touching.

I exuded Holly Golightly energy, with my strut and quirky smile. Audrey would’ve been proud. I knocked back a cocktail and made sure I drank enough water to keep myself from getting drunk too quickly. I had to last until next year after all.

But there was another element at play.

With all these liquids, I was more than aware of what it did to my bladder. It was steadily building throughout the party, and I welcomed that feeling. As I spoke to a middle-aged man in my transatlantic accent over martinis, I relished the full feeling in my bladder. He was none the wiser of my desperation, and that sent chills up my back. If only he knew how badly I needed to pee.

As the night got closer to midnight, my bladder got closer to bursting. Every person I talked to, I’d subtly cross my legs and rock back and forth. A part of me hoped they wouldn’t notice. A part of me hoped they did.

A handful of times I had the opportunity to head to the bathroom, and every single one of those times, I prevented myself from going. I couldn’t believe I was doing this, but it felt so exhilarating. The working characters were told not to use the main bathrooms in the large atrium bar. We were relegated to the bathrooms in the speakeasy bar downstairs, which was just one room for each for men and women.

It was fifteen minutes to midnight. The place was packed. I was four cocktails in and however many glasses of water in between for me to just be constantly buzzed. My bladder was at its breaking point. Remember the first story I told you, at New York Comic Con, with Beidou? How badly I needed to go then? Yeah, this was like three times that.

I decided to put a pause in my holding game and finally relieve myself before the new year arrived. I was excited for it. These pees tend to feel euphoric upon release. Couldn’t think of a better way to end the year.

I got down to the speakeasy bathrooms and saw that the women’s was closed for cleaning. There was a long line of men and women leading into the open men’s bathroom. My heart skipped a beat. Both out of frustration but also excitement. My game was being extended.

Now I fully crossed my legs and bent forward. I really had to pee. I leaned against a table for support, and a small spurt into my panties brought me back to reality. It was all fun and games until a realized wetting myself in front of all these people might become a real possibility.

Trying not to panic, I went through my options. There weren’t a lot. I could run upstairs but that could get me in trouble and forfeit my check for this event. Maybe there was a bathroom in the lower floors of the building? But who knows it they are open.

My eyes found Riley behind the bar counter. He definitely knows I’m bursting for a pee. My body language was pretty obvious. He signaled me over, and I hobbled towards him.

“Hey, you alright?”

Still in my Audrey Hepburn voice, I responded. “Well Riley, I may have flown too close to the sun here.”

“Too many drinks?”

“Way too many. And now I’m paying the price.”

Riley looked sympathetic. It was five minutes to midnight, and I could start leaking any minute now. I clamped my legs closed. Now that I was facing the counter, I reached down and tightly grabbed my crotch. No one else was at the bar counter. They were all focused on the tv screens where they would show the ball dropping.

“Need some help?”

“I’ll take whatever you can give me, champ.”

Riley looked around cautiously, then signaled me to join him behind the counter. I did my best to get there without wetting myself. Once there, Riley moved a cooler aside, revealing a small drain in the middle of the tiled floor.

“This is the best I can do.”

“Oh, my dashing hero!”

This was more than enough. I was desperate enough that this small hole in the floor was just as good as a the toilet at my apartment.

Riley kept watch as I staggered over to the drain. I bent down, hiking my black dress up in the same motion. I was now hidden behind the bar counter, my only audience being Riley. On the tv, the ball started to drop and everyone started counting down. I dropped my panties as everyone in the bar counted down the last minute of the year.

I was now fully squatting over the small drain. My aim had to be precise. I was anticipating the release. When the crowd reached 20, my stream shot out, over the drain and onto the floor. I yelped and quickly corrected my position, so my powerful stream fell straight into the drain.

I wanted to scream in relief but I had to stop myself. People would for sure hear me. I covered my mouth and stifled my cries of relief. All around me, everyone counted down.

“7…6…5…4…3…2…1! Happy New Year!”

The place exploded into ecstatic cheers and yells, and I couldn’t bear it anymore.

“Haaaaaaaa!!!! Ohhhhhh my Godddddd!” I dropped the transatlantic accent and just let out the most euphoric moan just as my pee continued to spray into the drain. Even over the loud cheering and singing, my piss stream hissed loudly.

My legs wobbled and felt weak from holding it, but I kept my balance.

I finally opened my eyes after that first wave of relief and noticed Riley was staring. He tried to look away but he just couldn’t help himself. Perfect.

I gave him a devilish grin and spread my legs wider, giving him a full view of my urine being unleashed from my vagina. I could tell his breath was caught in his throat. He was using all his willpower not to be mesmerized, but I knew I already had him under the spell.

My stream weakened and I gave a few extra pushes to let it spurt out a couple of times, punctuating it with a small moan each time. I was breathing hard from the exertion, and my body was ecstatically screaming from the relief.

After letting myself drip for a few seconds, I stood up and pulled my panties up. I straightened out my dress and took a couple of steps toward the awestruck Riley.

“Thank you very much, kind sir.”

Riley tried to shake himself off from the trance I put him in and tried to play it cool.

“Um yeah, for sure. You’re welcome.”

I continued staring into his eyes. Letting my smile do the talking.

I could tell he wanted me, and I hoped he knew that I wanted him too. I leaned in, and he did the rest. We kissed vigorously behind that bar as the people around us rang in the new year. I relished the feeling of him against me while by bladder still felt the echoes of releasing everything I held in the past 4 hours. There was no feeling quite like it.

I’ll spare you guys the details, but after that, Riley and I left together and started the new year off with a bang.

*024*2025-02-18 18:33

7. TRAFFIC

Let me tell you about one of the worst times I’ve ever been desperate to pee. I’m talking true “I’m about to burst, piss all over myself, tears in my eyes” desperation. Like, top 5 of all time.

Yes, I have a ranked list. And I’ve already told you about #8, #6, #10 and #14.

This happened in my college years. It was a Friday morning, and I woke up in bed with a raging headache and the most intense urge to pee I’ve ever felt. Like, my bladder felt like a 5 pound kettle ball inside me. I sat up in bed tried to remember how I got here. Must’ve been another crazy Friday night out. There wasn’t a guy sleeping next to me, and I wasn’t naked, so I guess it wasn’t that crazy of a night.

I swung my legs out and stood up out of bed. Bad move. I immediately bent forward and grabbed my crotch tight, because I suddenly needed to pee right then and there. Like, I had 5 seconds to get to the toilet or else I was gonna wet myself.

“Ohhhh…” I moaned. “Gotta pee!” I managed to get my legs moving as I hurried out of my bedroom, across the hall, and into my bathroom. I didn’t even bother closing the door.

Through quick breaths, I tore my pajama bottoms down to my ankles and basically collapsed onto the toilet. And not a second too soon.

A thick jet of pee burst out of me and furiously splashed the water below. My toilet sounded more like a sizzling pan as I peed loudly for over a minute straight.

I loudly groaned and sighed in relief as I felt myself get lighter. My body shuddered and a wave of pee shivers went through me. As I sat, the memories from last night came into focus. The party. It was at Micah’s apartment. Loud music. Drinking games. Lots of alcohol. Shots. Rowan hooking up with someone. That one guy, Brendan, hitting on me. He was cute. Why didn’t I go home with him?

“You’re finally up.”

I snapped out of my deep thoughts. I was still on the toilet, peeing. But it was down to soft trickles now. My roommate, Stephanie, peeked in from the hall.

I rubbed my eyes.

“When did I get back?” I asked, managing a yawn.

“Don’t know. Went to bed at 1 am and you were still out.”

“Jeez. I don’t think I meant to stay out that late.”

“Yeah, you told me to wake you up early today. And I did, twice. But you kept going back to sleep.”

Steph seemed annoyed. That was weird. Why would I ask Steph to wake me up? I pulled off some tp and wiped. I stayed seated.

“Really? Why?”

“You said you had a thing to go to today? You had to leave early?”

The floor fell out from underneath me. Today was Megacon. And I was supposed to leave at 6am so I could make the two and a half hour drive and make it there by the time doors opened. The digital clock in my bathroom said it was now almost 9am.

“Fuck!”

I bolted up out of the toilet, hoisting my shorts up and sprinting back into my room.

“You want me to flush that for you? Because I’m not going to.” Steph said.

In my room, I tried to break the record for quickest time getting ready. I was already two hours late, and this meant I’d have to contend with a long line getting into Megacon. It was one of the bigger cons in the country, hence the name. I was gonna meet Nicole there. Usually, we’d travel together but she was already out of town visiting family.

I quickly texted Nicole, saying I’d be about an hour late, then jumped in the shower to clean off last night’s booze. I then started putting on the cosplay I’d been planning for Megacon:

Miss Makima from Chainsaw Man.

It was fairly straight forward. Black business pants, white dress shirt, and tie. A redhead wig styled with a ponytail. And her signature orange and red devil eyes, which I had the contact lenses for. Makeup was minimal. The simplicity of the outfit definitely helped me get ready quicker.

On the way out, I grabbed a 32 oz plastic water bottle from the fridge for the long drive ahead. I was still a bit hungover and I knew I needed to hydrate. I was out of the apartment and on the road 20 minutes after I got off the toilet. That was a personal best.

After a quick stop at Starbucks for a venti iced coffee, I sped through the surface streets and got on the highway, thankfully not encountering any bad traffic. The first hour of the drive was uneventful. I guzzled my water down and went 10 above the speed limit. Not my usual standard operating procedure, but I had a schedule to catch up to.

I started getting a headache halfway through the drive. I definitely drank way too much last night. My water bottle was empty, but I still felt dehydrated.

Up ahead, I saw a sign for a rest area. I quickly pulled into the exit.

Inside the rest area, I quickly refilled my water bottle and purchased two large bottles of Gatorade. I needed electrolytes. No one batted an eye at the girl dressed up as an anime character, but that’s probably because I just looked like a paralegal on the way to work. I felt some slight pressure from my bladder, the tiniest beginnings of needing the bathroom. But a quick glance at my watch told me this unscheduled stop has already put me way behind. There was a big panel at 1:30pm that Nicole and I were planning to go to, and it was a must see. I decided to forgo the bathroom for now and just go when I was closer to the convention center.

I passed by the restrooms without so much as a glance and got back on the road.

That was the moment I would soon come to regret. Had I just taken the five minutes to go in the restroom and pee, what happened next could have been completely avoided.

As I got back onto the road, the ETA on the GPS started to tick down. I was feeling good.

I hit standstill traffic 20 minutes after I left the rest area. All four lanes of the southbound highway were stopped, and from what I could see, it stretched a few miles ahead.

Great, now I was even further delayed. There must’ve been a bad car accident or extensive roadwork being done. With a frustrated sigh, I sat back in my seat.

I had been so focused on getting to Megacon that I hadn’t had time to think about anything else. Now that the momentum had stopped, something else creeped into my mind: I had to pee.

It wasn’t urgent or anything. Just a normal amount that would normally grab my attention and signal my brain to start looking for a toilet. Like, if I was just hanging out at home and I felt this sensation, I’d get up and go to the bathroom. But because I was so focused on driving, it came more as a surprise. I put my car in park so I could cross my legs. The urge to pee slowly infected all of my thoughts.

With nothing else to do, I took absent minded sips of my water and Gatorade, trying to stay hydrated. I knew this might bite me in the ass later, but I still had a minor headache. That had to be addressed first.

After a few minutes, the traffic started moving, but at a snail’s pace. So, I had no choice but to uncross my legs and put the car in drive.

As traffic inched forward, I tried to busy myself with surfing the radio and belting out to whatever pop song I came across. I was trying not to panic because this traffic jam was setting me back even more. My left heel rhythmically tapped as my mind subconsciously addressed my bladder. It wasn’t so bad yet. I just had another hour left, then I’d be at the convention center. Then I’d run to the nearest restroom and treat myself to a hearty pee.

The highway gods seemed to be at my side, because 10 minutes later, traffic started to pick up again. It was a construction site, and it looked like they were rebuilding the median or something. Four lanes of southbound traffic were bottlenecked into one lane, hence the back up.

My car finally passed the chokepoint and very soon I was back to 75 miles an hour.

I let out a little cheer, because this meant I could get back on schedule. And I’d get to a bathroom sooner. A part of me had started getting nervous that I’d have to hold it for a lot longer, and I felt my bladder fill even more. Now that worry mostly melted away.

On the road again, baby!

I gulped down the rest of my second Gatorade, so I was now carrying two bottles of Gatorade, half my 32 ounce water bottle, and pretty much all my venti iced coffee inside me. Not all of it had made it to my bladder yet, and I tried to stay positive. I hoped to be sitting on a toilet by the time all those liquids made it through my system.

A light flashed on my dash. I was dangerously low on gas. With a groan, I signaled and got into the right lane. An exit was coming up with a gas station right off the ramp. I’d fill up real quick and be on the road in 5 minutes.

At the gas station, I stepped out and immediately started pumping gas in my car. Being a bit of a clean freak, I grabbed the empty water bottle, one of the Gatorade bottles, and Starbucks cup and tossed them in the trash. I couldn’t stand having litter in my car for long.

I looked to the convenience store. By now my bladder had definitely filled up a lot more, and I really needed to pee now. I squeezed my legs together. A quick glance at my watch said that I was still running super behind. But was it worth pissing myself? I decided not to risk it.

I replaced the gas pump and closed the valve. I locked my car and quickly ran inside. This would have to be the fastest pee ever. Like, I’m gonna have to push it out.

Inside I made a beeline for the sign on the ceiling that said “Restrooms” towards the back and was met with an infuriating sight.

A big fat “OUT OF ORDER” sign was hastily taped on the one room unisex restroom. This was the only gas station off of the exit, and there were no other public buildings around. With a curse under my breath, I marched back out to my car and got back on the highway. No more stops now. I’ll just have to hold it until I get to Megacon.

And as I thought about it in the moment, I was confident that I could still make it. I’ve held on for longer before. Absolute worst-case scenario, I could pull off to the side of the highway and just pop a squat. If I really, really had to. So, I was still good! Nothing to worry about.

Boy, had I spoken too soon.

As I exited off the highway to get to the convention center, I turned into the wide street leading into the parking garage. And I gasped loudly.

Half a mile in the distance was the convention center. A long line of cars snaked from the parking garage, twice around the convention center, and went all the way down the street where my car idled at the very back of the line. Easily two hundred cars in front of me. And they weren’t moving at all.

“Are you fucking kidding me…”

It would probably be an hour sitting in this traffic before I could even reach the parking garage. It was now 11:50. I had made the drive in record time with some to spare to meet up with Nicole and walk the floor before the 1:30 panel, but this horrendous traffic might screw all that up. And on top of this, I was bursting to piss at this point.

I put my car in park and quickly crossed my legs once again. I took a deep breath and went through my options. I could leave this line, find a bathroom, get relief, and wait for the traffic to go down. But that meant I’d probably miss the panel, and half the day would be gone. Dozens of cars had already fallen in line behind me, so this traffic won’t go down any time soon.

The other option was to buck up and stick it out. I’d need to stay in line until I could find a parking spot and make a mad dash to the convention center without completely pissing myself. Could I do it? In that moment, I really thought I could.

A honk from the car behind me brought me back to focus. The line had moved forward a few feet. I put my car in gear and rolled forward. Some progress, yay! Maybe I could make it after all.

The next half hour was complete agony.

I sat in the driver’s seat, my legs knotted like pretzels, desperately bouncing and hyperventilating as if that would alleviate any of the constantly building pressure inside me. That kettle ball feeling in my bladder was back in full force. It felt hard like a rock.

The traffic would inch forward, I’d hold my breath and uncross my legs to roll my car forward. Then recross as soon as we stopped. Rinse and repeat this painful process.

“Oh my God! Why! Ughhhhhh!!! Oh man, I have to pee so bad! Dammit!” I said out loud.

These declarations of desperation accompanied some of these efforts.

At first, I was solely focused on holding my pee. I was convinced I could still make it to a bathroom without incident. Denial. Then I started thinking about what I could’ve done differently. All the opportunities I had along the way to stop and relieve myself so I wouldn’t be in this mess. I cursed myself out in my head. Anger. And then I started thinking how worth it this panel was. Maybe soaking my Makima cosplay wasn’t worth the trouble. I was really proud of how this turned out and if I’m being honest, I looked pretty hot in it. Bargaining. It led to me preemptively mourning the potential damage the ocean inside me could do to this costume. It really bummed me out. Depression.

At this point, I had already looped around the convention center once. I had to make another loop in slow traffic before even reaching the garage. And who knows if there will be any spots left once I get there. I wanted to cry. Perhaps my fate is to just flood my pants and my car and miss this panel I’ve been looking forward to for months. Acceptance.

Then it hit me. There was another way.

My eyes found the large Gatorade bottle in the passenger seat next to me. There was still some orange fluid in it, but what choice do I have?

I was on the verge of peeing my pants. This had to be done. There were cars on either side of my full of cosplayers and nerds, and my windows weren’t tinted, but like I said. I was truly desperate.

I quickly grabbed the Gatorade bottle and chugged the rest of it. I’d soon be returning the favor.

Then I started unbuckling my pants. This was happening. I couldn’t wait any longer. I’ve peed in a bottle once before. But that was in the back of a moving van with someone else driving, so I could just concentrate on peeing into the jug.

Now, I had to worry about inching my car forward, as well as potentially exposing myself to the folks in the cars around me. This was not going to be fun.

At that point I didn’t care. I was bursting for relief.

I got my belt undone and started pulling down my pants. My bladder had ballooned to its limit and unbuttoning my pants eased some of the tension. I had to brace my feet against the floor and lift my butt up off the seat so I could properly pull them down. After some effort, I yanked them down past my knees and left them bunched around my calves.

Now for my panties. I took a glace around and clocked that all the drivers around me were either stewing in their anger or concentrating on moving forward to notice what I was about to do. Good. With a deep breath I carefully hooked my thumbs on the waistband of my thong and pulled them down my thighs. They went as far down as my knees.

I sat back down on the seat. My crotch and butt were fully exposed now. Anyone could walk by, look inside, and see that Miss Makima had her pants down in the driver’s seat.

No time to dwell. I grabbed the Gatorade bottle, unscrewed the cap, and shoved the opening against my pee hole. I lifted my butt off the seat and adjusted the bottle, ready to receive my waters. I had to be careful not to spill. My aim was pretty good, but there was no predicting what my stream would do. It could be a thick jet, a thin laser stream, or it could all splatter out messily.

My breaths were labored but I forced myself to relax. I blocked everything else out and just concentrated on letting my urine out. It should’ve been easy, because my body had been begging for that for the past two hours.

But nothing happened.

“Come on… come on…”

Of course this would happen. Total agony this whole drive, and now when I had the chance to relieve it, I get all pee shy.

I tried to push it out, but nothing would come out.

“Please…” I was literally begging my bladder to release its contents. But the high stress environment and unconventional position of my body made my urethra lock up.

The traffic inched forward again. A car behind me honked.

I had to quickly set the bottle aside, sit back down on my bare ass, and move my car forward.

Again, I grabbed the bottle and tried to pee. And again, my body refused to answer the call of nature. My usually flat stomach was now bulging out from all the piss I was holding. No matter how much I pushed or tried to relax, it literally felt like someone had stuck a cork down there. And despite its refusal, my brain still screamed in desperation. I was starting to tear up. That moment might have been the worst I’ve ever had to pee in my life up to that point.

Then, I saw my salvation.

Traffic started moving. Like, really moving. Something I wished my bladder had done minutes earlier. Two new lanes had opened up, and traffic workers were directing the backed-up cars to a grassy field for overflow parking.

Holy crap, respite at last. I tossed the empty bottle aside and drove my car forward, following the new flow of traffic. It would be a longer walk but at least there would be a spot for me. As I passed the first guy signaling the cars forward, I remembered that my vagina was literally out in the open for the world to see. Momentarily forgetting about my desperation, I yanked my pants and underwear up as I drove onto the grassy field where the cars were being directed into spots Disneyland style.

My foot shook from desperation as I stepped on the gas and had to slam on the brakes to keep from smashing into the car in front of me. I turned off the engine. Finally, I could full focus on holding my immense flood in.

I grabbed the Gatorade bottle once more, but as I looked up, I made eye contact with a traffic enforcer. He just had to station himself in the spot right in front of my car to direct con goers and other cars towards the right direction. It didn’t look like he was going to move any time soon.

So, I could either endure more of this agony or give this guy a free pee show.

My dignity won out.

With an exasperated sigh, I refastened my pants, careful not to rupture the flood gates, and carefully stepped out of my car.

My legs felt numb. As I stood up fully, gravity took a couple of punches to my gut and my need to pee worsened. I didn’t think it was possible. I leaned forward and shoved my hands in my crotch. I didn’t care who saw me. I just needed to fucking pee.

Popping a squat between cars was not an option. There were too many people exiting their cars and walking by. The only other option was to finish the pilgrimage and make it to the convention center. I could see it in the distance. A nearly half a mile walk from my car to the entrance. Nothing but cars and people in between me and the facilities.

Gathering my strength and praying for dry pants, I took a deep breath and started walking.

Each step forward sent a small jolt to my bladder. It felt like a heavy cannonball in my abdomen. My eyes watered and my brow was sweaty from the exertion. Yet my single minded quest to reach the bathroom kept me focused. My vision tunneled as I walked among the hundreds of people heading for the entrance.

Every now and then someone would complement my cosplay, but they sounded muffled and distant. I felt bad not responding, but what I was going through was the very definition of an emergency.

A spurt escaped into my pants. The trickle of pee ran down my leg inside my pants. I tried to mask my surprise but I definitely gasped. I picked up the pace. The con entrance still looked miles away. Another spurt came out. My black pants would hide it some but any more and they’d start to glisten.

Another spurt. This time longer.

I wasn’t going to make it. I could feel my bladder starting to surrender. The walls were coming down. I had maybe two minutes to figure something out or else I was soaking myself.

Scanning my surroundings, my eyes fell on a construction site up ahead. The newest parking garage, still blocked off with metal fences covered in tarp. It had recently been painted and construction vehicles still surrounded it.

It was my only option.

I started veering towards it, fighting against the crowd. I hoped no one was paying attention when I slipped through a gap in the fence. I disappeared behind the tarp and was finally hidden from the crowds.

Thankfully the construction site was empty. But no porta potties around. Fuck!

Not that it mattered. Pee was starting to come out of me. I had run out of time. My breaths were hard and short, and I couldn’t even think any more. Holy shit, I had to go so badly.

I only had enough clarity to unbuckle my belt, unzip my pants, and clear them just enough to expose my pee hole before hot piss exploded out of me and arced three feet out in front of me. It splattered noisily on the dirt as I stood pissing my brains out like a plastered guy in a back alley on a drunken night.

“Holy fuckkkkkkk!” I nearly fell backwards from the force, but thankfully the fence caught me. My eyes rolled into the back of my head as I reached down and spread myself, unleashing an even bigger torrent than before.

I gasped for air. It felt amazing.

I spread my legs wider a just little bit and basked in the feeling of sweet relief. I had no time to even squat. I just stood there peeing for over a minute and a half. My entire body shuddered from relief.

My mouth hung open in a silent moan and stayed like that until the arc of my stream weakened.

Just for good measure, I pushed a couple of times, releasing a few more strong spurts. “Haaa!” “Ohhh…” And then it was finally over. Because I was standing, I dripped a little on my pants. But I didn’t care. It felt so good to finally be empty. I stayed standing with my legs spread, catching my breath, leaning against the fence with my pants down and privates dripping for another few minutes.

I was exhausted. Nearly that entire drive was spent fighting off the desperation. Even though I didn’t make it to the toilet, I still didn’t wet my pants. My Makima cosplay was saved. Well, for the most part.

In front of me was an absolute lake of piss. I couldn’t believe I held all of that inside of me.

I checked my watch. It was 1:45. I had missed the panel. Dammit.

Can’t win them all I guess. I drip dried some more and refastened my pants and belt. Feeling light as a feather, I made the rest of the walk to the convention center. At least I could enjoy the rest of it without feeling like I was about to explode.

And, good news, my headache was finally gone.

