She isn’t who they think she is — Omorashi story based novel.

Author: EasyPezePhoebe

*000*2024-08-30 23:23

Cyberpunk inspired story guys!! have fun reading, might make a full story if people like the first few chapters))

"Z, wake up, now!"

Zara woke up very abruptly, her body shuddering with the suddenness of life and movement returning to her body. The whirring of the electronics connected to her body and her brain filled her ears like a loud explosion, before fading. Then the sharpness in her abdomen became apparent. She needed to pee, really, really badly, but that would have to wait, it seemed, as she was shook again by her 'assailant'

She shivered at the touch of the other woman’s cold hands, and confusion flickered past her features as she spoke back in a hushed, hissy whisper.

"What the fuck? What’s wrong, why’ve you got me up so late?"

The girl opposite her, T, or Tiara as she had known her for so long, shushed her, pressing her soft finger against Z’s lips like she was a little girl.

"Hostiles."

That word made Z’s blood run cold. Inside their apartment? She had blocked out the noise, but now she heard it. A crash, probably the door lock being broken, and hushed voices — a hit? on them? It made sense, she guessed, but…

Her muscle memory took action before she could fire the synapses in her brain to even think about doing anything else. T followed her lead as she slipped through the door — and waited for one of the assailants to come her way.

Z waited, the sharpness in her abdomen was painful, but she could cop- Then, a wave of desperation, a soft hiss as her bladder was taken by surprise, and her hands dropped to her crotch, just as the assailant booted the door open into her face.

It hurt, really bad. But she ignored the pain and attacked like some feral animal. The knife she had whisked up from her bedside drawer became clear as it was lit up by the moonlight, and she took them both the ground.

Her bladder gave out as hot, warm urine began to flow into her pink, flowery panties, the electronics in her brain firing with warnings about how she was currently relieving herself. But as the man pushed against her hand, which was currently trying to push the knife into his sternum, she couldn’t even try to stop the flow. Instead, she had to push, all her muscles to try and push back against his grip. Her pee began flooding over him, as she pushed it down, more, and more..and more..it was almost there, she had him — and then, a gunshot. Loud, worrying, and it took her attention for just a fraction of a second, her feelings, worry for her friend. Well, it cost her the fight, and he easily overpowered her with her attention stolen, and with a hard cross to her jaw, put her out cold.

She came to consciousness in a dark, room, the floor felt like steel and was freezing cold, making her bare thighs almost burn. Her panties still felt damp and she realised that all what she had thought had happened, had happened.

Her legs were bound by chains, and her hands by ropes — and she took sharp looks around the room before she, thankfully, saw T on the floor, okay. That meant something, that her friend was okay, even if they had been, obviously, overpowered, and could now die anyway, with nothing to show.

The door creaked open, and a man walked in, he was scruffy, a uneven beard clinging to his 'slimy' skin, a burn across his right eye and a mohawk donning his otherwise bald head — he laughed almost immediately at seeing Z. She was in her pyjamas still. Her panties, pink and flowery, were visible through her white pyjamas pants, which had tinted yellow around the crotch, she felt dried blood against her lip, and she was sure a black eye was forming.

It didn’t help that she could feel her need to pee returning, with a vengeance, too.

"Nice to see you’re awake. Don’t worry, or panic. You’ll need your energy."

He said with a laugh, his gaze flickering to T for a moment, before it flew back to Z.

"Seems like someone pissed their pants, huh?"

She simply 'hmphed' in return, what could she argue? It was true.

He smiled — then his gaze flickered to the laptop on the table nearby, he clicked the lights on, and spoke in a much darker tone.

"Believe me. Once we’re done with you — you’ll need something a lot better than those pissy panties to help you. And someone to take care of you, too."

Z now had a reason to panic, as she could see a hack, a virus running through the laptop, then a usb plug — human friendly. He was planning to infect her with whatever it was — it could take anything from her?

"I-I’m not scared of you."

He shrugged, as he began to walk towards the door again.

"You will be."

The light flicked off, and the door slammed, and she was alone again.

Thats chapter one! Kind of, i’m so tired but the next part will come out soon.

