The Influencer

Author: exeloro

*000*2025-12-03 19:32

(Hello, Everyone! As you might guess from the title, this is a sequel series to “The Cosplayer.” Thank you so much to everyone who read and enjoyed Cassie’s wet costumed escapades. I’m hoping to still continue that series eventually, but for the time being, it’s time for someone else to take the reins. And you might have already met her. Enjoy!)

THE OBLIGATORY INTRO

Hey guys…

So, this is sorta a new thing for me. Don’t really know where to start. I’m still wrapping my head around this whole pee thing. You know, being desperate and holding it and such. It’s a little weird just typing that out and rereading it. Not that it’s a bad thing at all. Definitely not.

I guess it’s been a part of me for a while now. And I’m finally starting to embrace it. So yeah. I’m into having to pee. And being made desperate. And finally letting it all out. And going pee in places where I shouldn’t. It makes me so freaking horny like you won’t believe.

Sorry. Was that too crude? Too forward?

Not really sure how else to say it so you’ll just have to buckle up for that.

My bestie Cassie told me about this place and how she’s been regaling you about her experiences and stories dealing with needing to go. She said you guys were super chill, so I guess I’m putting my trust in you. With my recent discovery about myself, I need someplace to just let all these feelings and stories out, you know?

Think you can handle that? You’d better.

Anyways, apparently you might already know who I am. Cassie said she already told you the story of that one time we shared a toilet together. I may or may not still think about that experience some nights before going to bed while touching myself.

Yeah, it’s me. Talia.

Believe it or not, that wasn’t what made me aware of my penchant for piss. I was already way into holding and pee control by the time Cassie and I crossed streams.

When I told her that later on, she had a good laugh. And offered an encore duet as she downed her drink. But that’s a story for another time.

Let’s start with the basics. I guess you already know that I’m a cosplayer, but I’m a model and an influencer first. That’s where I built my career. I’m 5’6, fairly toned and athletic as my job requires me to look hot at all times. Trust me, I wish it wasn’t the case. My background in gymnastics really came in clutch with keeping me in shape. My hair is platinum blond (all natural btw) and my tits have been described as a “handful.” I’m originally from Ukraine but grew up in Miami, Florida. It gave me a pretty good tan and it made me used to wearing bikinis every other day. I’ve been told that I can be bitchy sometimes, but I just like to see it as having a strong confidence. You gotta have it to succeed in the modeling industry. It’ll tear you apart if you don’t armor yourself up.

Being a model naturally led to taking up the influencer trade, and I have a pretty good following online. I’d tell you my social handles, but we’re not quite there yet, buttercup.

Besides the modeling photos and sponsored partnerships, my content mainly focuses on daily slice of life posts, fitness videos, and travel vlogs. And of course, the dance trend videos I sometimes partake in. I also do livestreams and do promotional events. You know, standard influencer stuff.

Anyways, like Cassie, being around so many photoshoots, public events, and costumes, I have so many different times I’ve nearly or fully pissed myself. Half of those might have been intentional at this point. Like I said. It makes me so horny. Hope you enjoy these tales as much as I’m gonna enjoy reliving them!

Oh, another thing you should know. Right now, as I’m typing this, I’m in my bathroom, sitting on the toilet with my pants around my ankles. My laptop is on my lap, and I’m grinding my thighs together because I’m holding back a literal flood inside me.

I told myself I wouldn’t pee until I’ve made my first post on here and decided to sit on the toilet to make things even more exciting. I was gonna wait to piss until I’ve written out the first story and posted it, but I’m seriously about to explode. I don’t think I can wait any more.

Okay, I think this is the end of the first post. But don’t worry. I got plenty in store for you. So come with me as I go into all my pissing adventures.

Oh fuck. I’m starting to leak. I really really have to go. Yeah… I can’t anymore.

I’m gonna go pee now.

Later!

*001*2025-12-06 21:21

1. GET READY WITH ME

You’ve all seen one.

Those videos on TikTok or Insta where a girl does her makeup in front of the camera with a ring light blasting her as she talks about random stuff. Yeah, that one. It’s a “Get Ready With Me” video, or GRWM for short. It’s an easy video to make and can get lots of engagement, but it can get overcomplicated, fast.

Some go overboard with the mount of edits and effects they put in the video. What started as a natural kind of video has become overproduced for some of the bigger influencers. Especially the ones that tie in ads to their videos at every turn.

I tried my hand at making GRWM videos. I was already good on camera from the photoshoots and promos I’ve done, so it should’ve been peach right? Nope.

All my GRWM videos that I filmed, I came off as stiff, uninteresting, and flat. While editing, I nearly fell asleep watching myself put on foundation and talk about my plans for the day.

That’s a bad sign if your income depends on people sticking around to watch the whole video.

I didn’t get it. I was fine in my other videos, but for some reason, this subgenre was just the bane of my existence. That is, until I found the secret sauce.

It happened one morning when I overslept and fell behind on my video schedule. Still a but hungover from my night out, I forced myself out of bed. All the alcohol and water from last night was pounding for release, so I quickly hurried to my bathroom.

Walking in, I quickly yanked my shorts and panties down and sat on the seat. But I didn’t pee. Not yet.

I groaned softly as a pushed my thighs together and bent forward, relishing the feeling of my piss just about to bust out. My heart started pounding and my toes curled from the painful pleasure it gave me. My body screamed for me to release, but my mind kept hushing the primal urge.

The contradiction sent pulsing waves throughout my body.

Ever since I fully embraced my kink, I made it a morning ritual to hold my morning me as long as I could while on the toilet. I’d push myself to the very edge, to where I couldn’t take it anymore, then unleash my furious piss as I vigorously touched myself. It became part of my daily routine, and it always charged me up for the rest of the day.

But on that particular morning, I was feeling extra adventurous. And devious.

As I held on for dear life, I did something I’ve never done before. I stood up and pulled my shorts back up. Denying myself of any immediate relief. I had to quickly twist my legs and bend forward to keep myself from losing control right then and there.

My mind was made up. I was going to film a whole GRWM video before I allowed myself any relief.

I had a brunch to go to in a couple of hours so I needed to get fully made up for a day out in this GRWM video. It was going to be whole process, and the thought of holding it through it all made my vag tingle.

I let myself squirm for another minute or two, then took a deep breath. I was going to do this.

So, I quickly set my phone up on my tripod, turned on my ring light, and got all my makeup ready. I stepped in front of my vanity mirror and made sure I was framed right. When everything looked good, it was time. With a deep breath and an extra squeeze of my crotch, I pressed record on my phone.

I did my usual greeting in my bubbly influencer persona, then proceeded to talk out of my ass about what I was planning for the day and basically random things that popped into my mind. I got started on applying foundation on my face and fixated on the new streaming show I was binging, talking about everything I liked and disliked about it. All the while my piss was threatening to break out. It certainly gave me the thrill of holding it, especially with the high stakes that I’m now recording myself.

I was sitting on my chair in front of the vanity mirror and you could only see the top half of my body, so viewers won’t be able to tell that my legs were crossed so tightly as I rambled on and on.

Somehow that made it even hotter and more exciting for me.

A couple of times, I had to shut my yapping and concentrate, because I nearly lost control of my pee. But I was able to hold on. These parts I'd just edit out later. Finally, after 15 minutes of make-up, rambling, and pee holding, I finished. Looking glamorous for my brunch, I bid adieu to my online audience and stopped recording.

Immediately I bent forward and let out a nervous moan. Now that wasn’t concentrating on keeping up appearances and performing, the desperation hit me like a ton of bricks.

“Oh fuck….”

I quickly stood up, grabbed my phone off the tripod, and rushed into the bathroom. There I ripped my shorts down and slammed myself down on the toilet.

My piss came roaring out, piercing the water like a pressure washer.

I let out an exhausted sigh, then settled in. My stream calmed down that initial blast, and I was able to relax. Leaning forward and still peeing, I opened my phone and reviewed the footage I’d just recorded.

To my surprise, it actually turned out really well. There were less “uh’s” and “um’s” between sentences, and I had the cadence and pace of the more popular GRWM videos. I spoke quicker and looked more alert. As I watched the footage, I was actually engaged with my own video till the very end. I barely noticed when my piss stream finally died down.

Interesting. This could be what I need to boost the quality of my videos.

So, I tried it again the next morning. Woke up with a full bladder and held it all throughout the GRWM video I filmed that day. It worked. And it showed in the numbers too. The videos I uploaded of my makeup tap sessions while I was desperate to pre did way better in engagement than my previous videos did.

Mind you, no one knew I was holding in a full bladder, but it seemed as though the urgency of it affected my performance for the better.

So, I kept at it. I even drank a full bottle of water before bed to I’d be sure to wake up with a full bladder. And the viewership kept increasing. If only my followers knew what was behind that sweet smile as I did my lashes. I wondered if they would actually be into that.

Also, the piss I’d do after every recording session was just heavenly. Best feeling ever. Like, orgasm worthy.

Well, as with most things, it kept working for a while, until I girl-bossed too close to the sun.

On one particular morning, I woke up with an extra full bladder. I went out to the bars the night before and drank quite a bit. I still had my water before bed, which probably helped fend off the massive hangover that I would’ve had. But my bladder was at critical mass.

Despite the bathroom calling out to me, I had a video to make. So I did my usual set up and this time got dressed first. I put on a cute top and a tight pair of jeans, which threatened to pop my bladder as soon as I put it on. I held on, and pressed record.

I could tell something was different not just because my nether regions were screaming and my stomach felt so bloated, but my voice was actually shaking as I did my usual greeting. I had to piss BAD. But I had already started recording, so I pressed on.

I didn’t realize until later when I was rewatching the footage that I was actually bouncing on my seat as I held back the flood and curled my hair.

I made it to applying the blush on my face when disaster struck. A long spurt of pee escaped and soaked the front of my jeans, cutting me off mid-sentence. I let out a desperate squeal as the rest of the dam collapsed, and before I knew it, I felt the warmth and wetness spreading throughout my jeans

“Oh no…. Oh my god I’m pissing myself!”

All I could do was look down in shock as I stood up out of my chair and piss pattered on the hardwood floor underneath me. The suppressed stream under my tight jeans hissed furiously as my jeans darkened by two shades. Warm, clear piss pooled around my bare feet. Any attempt on my part to stem the flow was useless. But dude, the relief I felt was immense. Like the lead balloon inside me was deflating.

It was a full three minutes before I could finally move again. I looked up and noticed that my phone was still recording. I quickly turned it off.

Looking down, my jeans were absolutely soaked, and it looked like I was standing on a lake.

An involuntary chuckle escaped my lips. Then I fully started laughing. Mainly from the shock. Yeah, that really just happened.

I couldn’t believe I just pissed myself. And I got it on camera. Wow. Finally catching my breath, I gathered myself and began clean up.

I peeled my wet jeans and underwear off and tossed them straight into the washer. I hoped into the shower and rinsed my crotch and legs. Bare-bottomed, I then wiped up my piss from the floor, which took nearly an entire paper towel roll and several passes with the swiffer.

By the end of it, I had to piss again, so I just sat down on the toilet and let the rest of it out. I rewatched my whole video and because of my bright ring light you could clearly see my jeans darken when I stood up. I briefly considered uploading the whole video. But then thought better of it. No one’s gonna wanna see that. Plus, I could get banned. I edited the last part of the clip, figuring I could just film the rest of the GRWM later and stitch them together.

Lesson learned, I guess. Don’t hold in too much piss when filming a GRWM.

I still do this kind of video from time to time, though not as much. And if you’re clever enough to find my TikTok account, just know that in a lot of the older GRWM videos, I’m fighting for my life holding my pee in. 😉

*002*2025-12-19 19:36

2. CLUB AGUA

So this literally just happened.

Holy shit! I’m still catching my breath from that. I’m so overstimulated and horny right now I just want to touch myself all night long

But I can’t. Not until I get home. I’m in the back of my Uber right now, rubbing my thighs together and trying to not look insane. This was not the story I was gonna post today, but I’m typing it all on my phone right now while it’s still fresh in my mind.

Guys, I’m literally still shaking right now. I’m still pretty buzzed from all the drinks, and holy crap the piss I did earlier felt so fucking amazing.

I hadn’t had an orgasm like that in a hot minute.

Okay, okay. Lemme back up.

Me and some of my girlfriends went to this grand opening of a new club in the Brickell area of Miami. All of us being influencers with a lot of followers, we got priority invites and got the VIP treatment.

The place was called Club Agua, which is a pretty fitting name now that I think of it haha.

Anyways, so me and my friends go. We’re all dolled up and got our phones fully charged to take as many videos and pics as we can to promote it. I’m wearing a tight dark blue shirt dress that really hugs my figure, a short cut leather jacket over it, and my 3 inch clubbing heels.

We got to skip the long line to get in and given our own party booth with on the second level, over looking the whole club. The first two drinks were even free.

I love this job sometimes.

So the night goes on as it usually does and we’re chilling and drinking and having a great time. I’ve had two cocktails and two shots by now and we decided to hit the dance floor.

We go and dance. The vibe of the place was so cool and the DJ they had that night was playing banger after banger. Guys approached and tried to dance with us, but I wasn’t really into it so I stuck close to my girlfriends. The alcohol was definitely fueling my movements cause I danced as if I was professionally trained. I’m sure when I look back at the videos we took I’ll look ridiculous.

I needed to catch my breath, so I headed over to the bar and ordered a glass of water. I wanted to pace myself. No sense getting wasted too early.

And by now I was starting to feel like I needed to pee. Nothing bad though. I could definitely last another hour or so. Plus, I looked and there was already a huge line for the bathroom.

I stood at the bar, gulping down my water, and then I noticed him.

I noticed because he was giving me a look that said “I want you, and I could get you easily if I wanted.” Normally that shit doesn’t work on me, but at tha moment, something about him made me pay attention.

He was conventionally handsome, tall, and rugged looking. He was probably some rich guy, definitely not an influencer type. Damn, maybe he’s the guy that owned the place.

I held his gaze and gave him a sexy smirk. That usually melted guys to the floor. Not him. He just held that steely look.

Like a movie, at that moment the bartender placed a cocktail in front of me, a cosmopolitan (my favorite) and said that the gentleman that I was looking at bought me that drink.

I’m not one to shy away from a guy buying me a drink, so I took the glass, raised it, and took a hearty sip. He raised his own drink across the bar and knocked it back.

Then he mouthed something to me. It took me a second to process but I realized that he had just told me to “drink it all.”

I know I should have better survival instincts, but the way he looked at me assertively made me feel entranced and safe at the same time. I knocked back the drink he gave me, and as I put down the glass, the bartender placed a huge mug of beer in front of me. Without a word, he left.

I looked to the mystery man watching. He merely gave me a nod. His permission. His command.

Like a woman possessed, I grabbed the mug and began drinking. I’m not really a beer drinker, but this one was light and it wasn’t too bad. I didn’t stop gulping until every drop of that pint was gone.

I gasped for air. I didn’t even notice but the mad had sidled up next to me at the bar.

Even in my inebriated state, I could smell his cologne and his commanding presence.

I turned to face him and his cold grey eyes stared right back at me. I couldn’t look away. It’s like the rest of the club just melted into the background. It was just me and him now.

It felt like we had a whole conversation already without either of us saying a single word.

“How full are you?” His husky voice finally asked.

I knew immediately what he was referring to. And I felt the fullness of my bladder pushing on my stomach. It came at me like a power surge. I gasped at the realization and nearly doubled over.

But he stopped me from doing so, lightly shaking his head as if that wasn’t allowed.

He nodded to the bartender and a pint glass of water appeared before me. Without a word, I obeyed, grabbing the glass and gulping down all that water. Welcoming it.

He then leaned forward and whispered in my ear, his hot breath on my skin giving me goosebumps.

“Go back out there. Dance. Come find me when you can’t anymore.”

And with that he walked away.

I was in a daze. All I wanted to do was know what his touch felt like. But his directive was clear: I’d have to earn it.

I rejoined my friends on the dance floor and lost myself to the pulsing music. My full bladder sending pangs of pleasurable pain through my body. The thrill of holding it making my heart race. The fact that any second I could fully piss myself only added to the ecstasy. Normally I would be rushing to the bathroom or running outside to pop a squat by now, but it just felt too good to let out. And he could be watching.

Time passed, I don’t know how long. Enough for several songs to pass, when piss shot out of me and into my panties. I clamped my legs shut. I was gonna flood myself soon. All that alcohol and water in me begging to be let out. It was starting to get painful. He told me to find him when I couldn’t dance anymore, so I did.

He was waiting by the dim hallway that led to the bathrooms, like he was expecting me.

I stood there, legs clamped together and quivering. He smiled and disappeared down the hallway. Taking careful steps, I followed him into the abyss.

We passed by the long line of party girls about to piss themselves outside the ladies room, and even passed the men’s room, the then turned right down a smaller hallway.

He stopped halfway down and turned around. I faced him, and he gently led me against the wall. My bladder was screaming. I had to pee so badly. But I wanted him to take me even more. He leaned in close, and I closed the gap. We kissed, his tongue making its way inside my mouth, and I happily let him.

I forgot all about my desperate need as the world faded away…. Then in came screaming back up when I felt his fingers lift up my dress and vigorously rub my pussy.

A choked yelp got caught in my throat. It felt so good to feel him down there. The way he rubbed my panties, the way it scraped against my clit. I was so fucking wet. I couldn’t tell anymore if that was piss or not. He broke away from the kiss, but I wanted more. I grabbed his wrist and held his hand against me, silently begging him to keep going. But he knew that would be too easy. He backed away, revealing a key in his hand. He beckoned me to the end of the hallway, where a single door stood.

With the key, he unlocked the door and led me inside. I was willing to follow this man to the ends of the Earth, even as I’m overflowing with piss.

The room was a small private bathroom. Immaculately clean and dimly lit. Furnished with the fanciest plumbing and decor. I think I was right on the money. This guy owned the club. And this was his private bathroom.

There was a glass bottle of water on the sink, next to an arrangement of towels like it was a freaking hotel room. He grabbed it and twisted the cap off. I didn’t need to be told once. I took the bottle from him and started chugging.

I could feel my bladder balloon to its very limits. How my pelvic muscles held on is beyond me. There was definitely a bump in my lower abdomen stretching my tight dress. This was probably the most I’ve had to piss in my whole life.

When I finished drinking, I saw that he was sitting in the leather chair in the corner of the room. Just watching me. Enthralled.

Somehow, I knew exactly what he wanted. And I was gonna give it to him.

I bit my lower lip and sensually crossed my legs. I bent forward and lightly bounced, letting out a pained moan. I shoved my hands into my crotch and pressed down hard, then shifted my weight back and forth between each leg. Every one of my exhales was punctuated with a light “ah”

I was giving him the sexiest pee dance I could pull off. Focusing on my moves made me momentarily forget about my desperate need, but I was maybe minutes away from fully losing control.

But it was worth it. I could clearly see that what I was doing fully aroused him. His guard was down, and I was gaining the upper hand.

The pee dance was just the pre-show.

Across from the leather couch, against the wall, was the toilet. A beautiful, black porcelain throne. I took three steps back and now stood in front of it. Being so close to relief, I was shocked I didn’t just start pissing everywhere right there.

Continuing my sexy little dance, which also reflected the breathless desperation coursing through my body, I slowly hiked my dress up, revealing my lacy thong.

He sat up. He knew the main show was about to start.

As slow as I could, I hooked my thumbs into the waistbands and pulled my thong down to my calves.

I lowered myself down onto the seat, never breaking eye contact with him. I suppressed a gasp as a huge spurt erupted out of me. It slashed the water below but I clamped myself shut. I wasn’t going to let it all out at once. I wanted to hold on as long as I could. I sat on the toilet with my legs partially open, so he got a good view of my wet pussy.

I was way passed capacity at this point. I needed to pee. Right that second. It was so bad I could cry if I wasn’t so turned on. And still I pushed myself. Even though I had the power now, I was still waiting for his permission.

He seemed to read my mind. He slowly got up and walked towards me. I was ready to explode, but he took my lips into his and we kissed once again. Like he was sucking the oxygen out of me. Pleasure from the kiss and pain from the flood in me clashed in an explosion of colors that nearly blinded me. I surfaced from the kiss just enough so I could breathlessly say to him:

“Finger me. Finger me right now.”

Immediately I felt his fingers enter me. I gasped and nearly fell of the toilet as he rhythmically pleasured me. My heels clacked the floor cause my legs were involuntarily spasming from the waves pulsating through me. I was in heaven.

He let me loll my head back as I moaned loudly from his piercing touch.

I couldn’t anymore. I maybe lasted another minute before it was all too much. I was at my breaking point.

It happened all at once. My piss exploded forth, soaking his hand and splashing the water below. I screamed as I came at the same time, squirting and splashing the toilet and the floor in front of it. My legs lifted off the floor, shaking as I had the orgasm of a lifetime.

My piss came gushing out, and still he kept fingering me. I’d never felt anything like it. It’s like I was cumming for five whole minutes. All that liquid being unleashed only fueled my ecstasy.

I gasped for air as the intense wave overcame me. My body shuddered from being put through the gauntlet, but holy shit it felt so good. A long last, my pee stream finally stopped after what felt like ages, and he so did he. I could tell he also came.

Not even my best toys at home could make me cum this hard.

I sat back on the toilet, catching my breath. Coming down from that high. He got up. Zipped up his pants and washed his hands. I stayed seated because I was exhausted. But in the best way. Finally, I got up and pulled my panties back on.

We exited the bathroom together, and before he left, he gave me his business card. He actually was the owner. I have a feeling I’ll be visiting this club again very soon and getting the VIP treatment once again.

All of that happened 20 minutes ago and I can still feel his touch on me even now sitting in my Uber. I can’t wait to get back home and relive that insane experience with the help of some of my toys.

It’s gonna be a long, wet night.

