Desperate Dilemmas

Author: EasyPezePhoebe

*000*2023-09-24 21:15

A new story idea i’m trying out! let me know with some feedback what you think 🙂

Chapter 1: Sorry, out of order

The sun was beating down harder than ever — It was supposed to be the hottest day of the year, and so ‘naturally', it felt like the planet was being boiled alive.

Camila took a long, shaky breath through her nose as she tried to catch her breath, she’d only just made it! The college buses were scheduled to leave any minute, and having been held back in class because her professor didn’t like the way two other students were looking at him — She found herself in a tough predicament, you see, she hadn’t been to the bathroom all day, having arrived at the college she studied at around 8:30 am, going into her first class, which was an hour and a half, and going to pee at 10:00 am 

She had a rather shy bladder, and couldn’t pee when others were around, like some kind of stupid defence mechanism, 'what was it meant to protect, her bladder from predators?' she thought to herself as she shifted uncomfortably on the spot, rubbing her thighs softly, and discreetly together as she stood in the sunlight — her face was a light red, from the sun, no doubt, and felt soaked with sweat. Not really thinking, she took grasp of the bottom of her shirt, and lifted it, bringing it up to her head, she bent slightly to conceal her figure more while she wiped the sweat from her eyes, though now it left her white t-shirt somewhat see through around the bottom, not completely visible, but somewhat.

Her bladder pinged out in desperation, causing her to double over a small bit due to the sharp pain, like a stabbing — in her abdomen.

Her light blue jeans, held tightly by a belt as she was severely skinny, and short, weren’t helping as they pressed on her bladder difficultly, and it felt like every time she moved, it became harder to hold it.

Finally, the security guard at the front opened the gate! Good news, she could finally get on the bus. Bad news? She was swept up in the stampede that hung behind her to try and get on, too. No one wanted to stay around that long — And waiting for another bus to arrive would take forever.

She was knocked slightly as she made her way into the line, and felt her crotch grow slightly warm, not much, but enough to dampen her panties, as she could feel the wetness clinging to her most delicate parts.

Carefully, she clambered aboard the vessel, taking slow, clumsy steps up the stairs, one hand rested lightly on her abdomen, and the other holding her bag in her hand. As she reached the aisle, she felt another, stronger spurt slip out, this time soaking her panties, she couldn’t help but blush from the feeling that she felt overtake her as she felt the sodden fabric cling to her delicates like she was trying to cling on to her dignity and continence.

She moved again, quickly swinging herself into a two seated area - to ensure no one else followed her, she put her bag on the other seat, and took a glance out of the window.

God, she’d never been this desperate in her life! She was in so much pain that it felt like her legs were shaking as she put one over the other.

And then she pressed down on her bladder, not on purpose, of course — but instead as she tried to hold herself.

Her bladder didn’t even attempt to stop it this time — another spurt escaped, lasting maybe three seconds as she felt it soak straight through her panties, and into her crotch, and the seat of her jeans — She could feel the wetness resting against her upper thighs, and her butt.

She wasn’t much of a talker, but she couldn’t stop a quiet squeal escaping her as she realised that she was fighting a losing battle — she couldn’t hold it, she really couldn’t.

Her gaze shifted to the aisle again, then to the people around her, would they notice? surely not.

She took a long glance to her bag — seeing her hoodie poking out of the half opened zipper, just as her bladder sent another desperate urge to her.

Her mind was made up — she knew what she had to do.

###

And that’s the end of the first chapter! i didn’t want to write more than that as i’m not 100% on the story myself but i thought i’d try some light desperation, and then if people want me to continue, the totally 'accidental' wetting will follow in the next chapter, followed by an actual accidental wetting.

