Desperate for Revenge

Author: Ell19

*000*2020-09-15 18:06

Just flexing those writing muscles with a quick story - no planning and little proofreading so don't expect too much.

Jessica didn't always want to be a knight but when the Great Beast slaughtered her family she had nothing left to live for except for her goal of destroying it. She was an excellent fighter, having been trained alongside her brothers by a father who hadn't the heart to curtail her interest in the craft, but there was only one problem. Only men were allowed to be knights.

Cutting off her hair, binding her chest, and dressing in the austere knight's uniform, she successfully applied to take part in the knight's next training camp in the hope that soon she could face the Great Beast herself.

There was just one problem she hadn't foreseen...

Jessica sat rigidly, legs pressed tightly together, as the open coach swayed beneath her. Her swollen bladder throbbed with every jolt of the road and her backside was numb from hours on the hard wooden bench. 6 hours to be exact and no end in sight.

The coach to the training grounds had only stopped once, and then it had been on open moorland where the men had jumped down, strode away a few paces, and pissed openly. At other times they simply kneeled backwards on their bench and let loose over the side of the coach. Jessica, lacking the apparatus to do such a thing and at pains to hide this fact, had no choice but to hold on and pray that there would be private bathrooms at their destination.

To make matters worse, if anyone noticed her desperate need, this would certainly raise questions about why she didn't just go. And what if anyone was simply observant enough to notice that she hadn't peed? These questions weighed heavily on her mind as her bladder weighed even more heavily in her abdomen. She rubbed one thigh against the other and hoped it was discrete, as the intense urge raged between her legs.

"Budge up now," the man beside her said gruffly, kneeling up and tugging himself out of his pants. Jessica tensed up and held her breath as his stream set loose, right by her ear with a taunting hiss.

(Sorry this ends abruptly, I have other things to do and don't want to save this on my devices, there will be more later.)

