Haikyu Fanfic

Author: Emmy-rashi

*000*2017-02-04 06:20

Inata leapt into the air and spiked the ball. It slammed onto the other side of the court, almost out but just inside of the court.

Kageyama looked at him. "Mmm. Not bad, definitely an improvement"

Hinata looked up excitedly, proud of how his spike was improving. Glancing at the clock, it was 5:55. Practice was almost over. There were only five more minutes to go. He felt the smallest twinge in his bladder but chose to ignore it, it was so small that he hardly noticed it at all. The coach talked strategy for a few minutes, had the team do a cheer and everyone was out of the building, except Hinata.

After each practice, he would pretend that he was slow to pack up his bag, then continue practicing after everyone had left, and were a good distance away from the school, so they wouldn't hear him. Once everyone had left, he closed his eyes and listened for a moment to make sure that no one would come into the gym and see him there, as being on school property after hours could be a pretty big offense, depending on what you were doing (volleyball was probably fine, but he wanted to be careful, and avoid getting in any trouble at the beginning of his first year in high school) then continued playing.

Hi, guys, this is my first fanfic. I didn't edit, so there are probably some grammitical errors. I am fairly new to the sits, but I thought I would contribute, and I love Haikyu, so I though that hat I would make this one about Hinata. Enjoy, and please leave comments!

He hit the ball against the wall, and waited for it to come back to him. It reverberated back, lover than he expected, and dove to hit it, missing badly hitting the ground. As he fell, he landed so that the volleyball was directly under his bladder. Slamming into the ground, he felt the ball dig in. His bladder spasmed from the impact, and he instinctively tried to grab himself, only to pull away last second, remembering that he wasn't five years old. Crossing his legs as he got up, he jiggled up and down for a moment, trying to stop a spurt that threatened to come out. Then, he felt the desperation begin to leave his body, and once again resumed playing.

The next hour went on without event, as Hinata's need slowly increased. Sighing, he took a break and sat down on the bench. Pulling out his 32 oz water bottle, he chugged it, taking no notice of his bladder as he indulged in his favorite drink. He wiped his face and got up, feeling moderate pressure in his bladder. Uncomfortable, but nothing he wasn't used to from when the history and mathematics teachers gave 2 hour long lectures, and didn't allow any students to use the restroom. At these moments, he held on till' bursting, crossing his legs and wiggling in his seat, sadly the only small bladdered person in his class. Once, he had been reduced to putting his hands into the pockets of his jacket to grab himself, stopping a short spurt and writhing in the agony of the piss trying to escape his tube. But that was another story.

Around seven thirty, his bladder was getting really full. Every time he hit he ball, he could feel the liquid moving around in his bladder. Determined. He pressed his legs together and continued, ignoring his constantly sloppier form and his pulsating bladder.

15 minutes later- Hinata was really beginning to feel the effects of the huge sports drink. His bladder was beginning to hurt, forcing him to sit down on the bench. He felt the weight of his bladder, 8 hours without the bathroom weigh him down. When his bum hit the seat, the impact forced out a small spurt. He squeezed his sphincter muscles and hands into tight fists, feeling the sweat beading on his forehead. Another spasm caused him to grip his thighs, struggling to hold on as the hot piss tried to squeeze its way out of his tube.

Jiggling and fanning his knees, he tried to find a way to end his predicament. wetting in his water bottle? No... too juvenile, and if he got caught... he thought the same of peeing outside, even though his bladder was not contracting with such force that it was impossible to keep still. The bathrooms he knew were locked, but he had to try. He raced from the gym, taking the opportunity to reach into the deep pockets of his shorts and wrap one hand around his dick and the other around the tip, to ensue that no stray drops could force their way out of his aching bladder.

As he ran from the gym, he felt a small hot prick as a small spurt forced its way out. He raced to the bathroom. When he finally ran through several long hallways, he slammed into the door. It was locked. He tried again just to be sure. Frantically, he doubled overt and grabbed himself, in a final attempt to regain control. His last hope was to get outside before slowly wetting his pants, but is he just left the building, he couldn't get his bag, he would be locked out. Cursing silently, he ran back to the gym, both hands this time in his boxer shorts, gripping his dick with the force that he used to spike the ball. He had never been this desperate before.

When he finally reached the court, he sat on the bench next to his backpack and sat, one hand with a death grip on his throbbing penis and the other trembling and zipping his bag. Miraculously, he only lost a few drops and was able to pull the bag onto his shoulders, and exit through the gym. He ran ahead, looking for a bush with decent coverage to pee.

A tall hedge was all he could find, but he was beyond desperate and could no longer care. Dumping his bag, he raided something. His drawstring shorts were tied, and if hew let go of his dick he would piss himself. With one hand, he tried to untie them, but the double knot to make the huge shorts fit his small, slender figure, took two hands to untie. Shaking, he ripped it apart with both hands. He already felt piss ruining down the side of his legs when he ripped his shorts off and aimed at the bush. Moaning in relief, he marveled at the sight of his bloated bladder and wondered how he had managed to hold it all, then closed his eyes and enjoyed the best piss of his life, spraying the bush for a 3 full minutes, and for the small bladdered Hinata, this was quite an accomplishment.

