Naughty at church

Author: ehr100

*000*2017-02-25 11:05

This story based on a fantasy and of course fictional.

My girlfriend and I had just started dating from the church youth group. We were understanding christians and had the no sex before marraige policy. However we would be open to all discussions of sexual topics. We did touch each others genitals but never full blown sex.

One day my girlfriend Ruth and I decided to be brave and decide that we would go to church as we usually did on a Sunday morning. This Sunday however would be different. We were into pee games. Ruth loved to wet herself on purpose and she told me that she always had this fantasy to wet in a church service. As always she wore prim and proper clothes in church. Her Sunday clothes were a long flowing red skirt which was knee length,although when she sat down her skirt did rise a little.

Her fantasy she was going to practice today was to sit on the front row as she always did. She knew that her skirt would rise a little and has often caught the vicar's attention with the odd flash. So the plan was risky but she decided that if she was spotted it would have been an accident. I was with her when she put this fantasy to the test, I was so horny just waiting for that right moment.

Ruth was wearing her red skirt and blue panties,which she regulary wets in. Her panties were stained with her piss from previous wettings. Half way into the service she started to fidget and when the vicar was preaching he actually saw right up her skirt and she was holding herself now and again. Ruth was becoming more and more desperate and she was teasing the vicar by opening up her legs a little.

I was sat next to her and I knew when she was going to wet as we had agreed that she would glasp my hand when she was about to relieve herself. During the sermon when she actually made eye contact with the vicar,she spread he legs a little and just gave a squirt of pee in her panties sat on the chair. The vicar looked on and continued preaching as Ruth let out some more piss. Before long she was soaking those blue panties and red skirt,By now this was getting filled with all her glorious piss. She was worried a little as she would have to sit there in her wet clothes during the rest of the sermon.

Her blue pants soaking in all that piss made the vicar look even more and smiled at Ruth. She knew that she had pleased him. Fantasy complete she thought and waited until the prayers went up and she excused herself to the toilets to clean up. When she left her chair you could clearly see her puddle. During the prayers the vicar looked up at her and saw how wet she was. I wondered if his cock grew at this point. I covered Ruth's chair with a jacket I had to hide the puddle. Ruth was to stay in the bathroom until I would go and see her. When the service ended I made my way to the toilets and Ruth was sat there waiting in the cubicle.

The vicar then said goodbye and thanked his parishoners. Ruth and I were still in the church and the vicar came to search for us. He knew that he had to talk to Ruth before he locked up and went home. When everyone had disappeared he called out to us and noticed Ruth still in her piss soaked stained red dress. You could still see it glistening. He came up and we thought he would tell us not to come to church anymore. Instead he said he loved watching Ruth wet herself and that the secret would be safe, if Ruth agreed that he could have her pissed panties. Ruth gave him the wet panties and before we left the vicar told her that she can wet herself again as he had a pee fetish and loved to look at females wetting and pissing.

The vicar said he wanted to go to the toilet before he left, Both Ruth and I started to excuse ourselves from the room,but the vicar wanted us to stay. So we did. He took down his trousers and boxers and put on Ruth's wet panties. Boldly in front of myself and Ruth he pissed right through the panties belonging to Ruth. All that made me want to go and I suggested that he took off Ruth's panties and I would then wear and piss in them as well. And I let gallons of it out. We cleaned up and gave back the panties to the vicar for his personal use and abuse in them. It was the start of some great adventures we had together.

