Girl of Steel

Author: editine

*003*2019-03-29 23:38

Another 'set up' chapter, fairly short. Enjoy!

Chapter 3

"Hank!... Hank?! Please tell me you're there?" Alex called on the frequency reserved explicitly for leaders in a crisis, there was a chance he couldn't make it to his talkie, that, or someone had gotten to him first. A thrill of worry shot up her spine, as she tucked the walkie talkie onto her belt using the built-in clip. She ran to the stairs, wanting to see if she could meet him halfway, but was quickly stopped by two men in what appeared to be full body armor. Their faces were hidden behind bulletproof glass visors. That didn't stop Alex from firing two rounds each at the men, aiming for the slightly less armored necks.

As one of the bullets hit the man to the left, making him convulse, foam dripping from below his visor Alex backed up, having missed the man on the right. He advanced on her flashing his gun, Alex couldn't quite make out the make in this light, the lights flickering from whatever battle was going on upstairs. But if Alex knew one thing about big shiny guns like that, they were automatic, and they packed one hell of a punch.

Alex acted fast, as the man pointed the gun to her she slapped it away, scrapping her knuckles bloody on the muzzle of the weapon, her blood smearing across her pale skin. The gun knocked away for a few seconds, Alex went to kick the person hard in the stomach with a fan kick, not expecting to do any real damage but knowing a person in body armor felt clunky, hard to move unless they were highly trained. This person wasn't, in body armor at least, stumbling back a few feet, as Alex slammed her gun up behind the visor and shot three rounds, taking it away as the body convulsed before falling to the floor and laying oddly still.

Alex sprinted past the people on the ground, the office workers behind her recovering, they tied up the two thugs just in case, and began barricading themselves in, letting in a few that managed to escape the carnage or being captured up above them. Alex ran down the stairs, taking them three at a time, and stumbling frequently, but she didn't have time to worry about her own well being, the director had to be assumed killed, or disabled and she couldn't take the chance of him being used to open files whoever this was wanted.

Alex burst into a room a few floors above, thankfully, though suspiciously, she didn't seem to run into any armed guards. As she opened the door to what was supposed to be Hank's office, she heard a loud crack, and Hank slump to the floor, his form flickering from Martian back to human. Alex paused, seeing two men and a woman with ruby red hair, The man in a black suit turned and looked at her, a cocky smile on his lips as he gestured to the fallen director, who seemed to be breathing, though his head wound looked serious if not tended to immediately.

"My my you must be the fabled sister to the flying nuisance up above, taking out the throwaways as we speak, tiring herself out for the real main event." As he spoke, Black patted the crimson curls of the petite woman standing next to him. Who stood unflinchingly beside him as the floors rumbled above them almost closer, alarmingly so. Alex stood her ground, and pointed her gun directly at the woman, she knew a thing or two about not judging a book by it's cover, her sister a prime example of that, the man in the white suit didn't seem to flinch as the brunette stood there motionless instead he asked her a simple question. His voice tinged with a condescending equanimity.

"I wouldn't bother with the peashooter miss. You won't need it, though maybe you will with the loss of your star player." Black chuckled at his companion's words, and tapped the red head's shoulder, walking out past Emily, they brushed shoulders with Alex, who tensed despite her attempts to seem like none of this phased her. She pointed the gun between White's eyes, and murmured, her voice audible from the quaking above them, Supergirl wasn't causing those tremors if anything those monsters were setting off charged bombs... a distraction? If their plan was to kidnap her baby sister they had another thing coming!! "Why do you want her DNA?! You can't replicate Kryptonians in our atmosphere, you know that... what's your real game here?" She demanded, her voice strong and unwavering though her worry was growing as the tremors suddenly stopped, leaving the building with a silence that was unnerving to her core.

They stared each other down, while White decided if it is worth it to anger their captive by the murder of her sister... no, probably not, they didn't want to give her the chance to tap into some previously unknown reserve of strength over a dead sibling. White stepped forward, and Alex took a shot, then another... and another, and he didn't even flinch, was he unhuman?! Alex backed up and tried to kick him, and when that didn't work she tried to punch him. He simply chuckled in her face, his hand grabbed her by the throat and she started to choke, being lifted into the air, Alex struggled for her life, clawing at his hand and knuckles, barely leaving a dent in his skin let alone a scratch.

The man grew bored with her display of helplessness and threw her into the corner beside Hank's limp form, Alex held her now bruised throat, coughing as she watched the man walk through the doorway the door closed and she heard a lock click. Alex felt her eyes tear up, as strong as her sister was these men had the air of trained killers about them, Kara was just a girl with no training despite all her brute strength what if she lost? What if they got her baby sister? Her vision blurred even more as her cracked strained voice whispered, almost like a warning she would never hear.

"Kara..." Alex tried to be strong in that moment and turned over weakly onto her side, dots dancing before her eyes as she turned Hank on his back. She felt for a pulse and felt one, weak and flighty but it was there. Alex stood on rattled feet and moved to the door but it was locked, the building now eerily quiet, she could almost hear how fast her heart was going. She tried to power through it, rifling through Hank's desk she pulled out a first aid kit he kept there, usually just for minor paper cuts he sustained, it wasn't meant for heavy duty things like fixing a bloody gash in someone's head but this was all she had, it might even help him to wake up eventually if she was lucky.

As Alex cleaned away the blood and stitched up his gash as best as she could, she felt the need to pee, she had barely noticed it before given all the excitement and panic brought about by the attack. She tried to ignore it, pressing her thighs together as she pressed a few bandages over the stitches, laying him on his back with his feet raised a bit, so blood could more easily flow to his head where he just lost a lot. She hoped this would make him wake up a bit sooner, she really couldn't even imagine what would happen if Hank died. He had already helped the DEO do so many great things. She tried to push those thoughts from her head, but it only brought about her thinking about just how much she had to pee.

*004*2019-03-30 17:56

Chapter 4

Alex moved to the other side of the room, looking around for potted plants or anything where she could find that she could relieve herself. Not all the way, just enough she didn't have to worry about it anymore, but there were none. Dammit, she just had to have that morning coffee, didn't she? The extra large one, she hadn't slept well last night, having a bad feeling about the next day and she had been right. Alex pressed her knees together with her hands pushing between her thighs to hold herself as she trembled.

Damn it was so hard not to think about having to pee, she felt like if she moved too much, she would have to gush all over herself to relieve just a little bit of the pressure. Her bladder felt like it was swelling to the size of a balloon, though it was just her imagination. The image in her mind made her body turn against her, a sudden gush of liquid wetting her pants, and made her gasp, her pants were darker, but dammit it all if they didn't show a blotch of her shame, two small rivers soaking down the sides of her thighs a she squeezed them together managing to stop the flow for a few measly minutes at least...

She swore under her breath, brushing sweaty bangs out of her eyes, Alex tried to keep her mind off it, by pacing, before she noticed her gun. Wedged between the bottom of the desk and the leg that supported it, next to Hank's arm it threw a soft glow. She sighed in relief, and picked it up immediately she went straight to the door with it. Aiming at the door lock, she fired three shots, the door swinging open with a soft creak. Shocking the metal so intensely, something inside of the metal must have melted.

Alex's reward for all her effort was the butt of an automatic rifle slammed against her cheek, sending her crashing to the ground with a loud thump and a cry of surprise and pain. She sat up, shaking softly, feeling a blotch expand slowly across her pants as her body lost all control from her second lapse in concentration, darkening her thighs, she trembled relief flooding her system but she couldn't say anything about it, mortification gripping her heart and refusing to let go.

A single guard came in, his buddy guarding the door just in case someone came for their two prisoners, they were to stay put and make sure that at least a few hours had passed before Alex could even think about escaping, the bombs that went off were supposed to trap office workers and security guards, people they had to save at some point that might slow them down, or at the very least deny them access to their resources. Their bosses wanted them to slow down the efforts to save Supergirl now that their target had a chance to tell people about what they had done to her. The highest priority being Alex and Hank, the two top people in the DEO.

"Get up! Try to open this door again and I-" The guard noticed as Alex didn't move even a little at the sudden yelling. A stream squirted past the thick cloth over her crotch, the wet spot expanding as a loud hiss accompanied a splatter as Alex peed herself. Her cheeks flushed pink with embarrassment. Her body had given up on her. She even felt herself tear up a little, peeing in front of the enemy like she was... god how could she be so useless when her sister needed her? The guard didn't know what to say, this supposedly trained woman, proficient in almost every weapon you could name was sitting in a puddle of her own piss and whimpering like a kicked dog. The man stumbled over his words murmuring softly

"Crap, okay uhm... stand up, Craig grab her friend, we're taking to them to the cells got it?" The guard knew this wasn't technically allowed, but he felt terrible for her, after all this trauma she has to go through peeing herself in front of strangers? He may work for a heartless bastard, but he wasn't a heartless bastard himself, at least he hoped so. What would a woman who had just peed herself do besides give up? They wouldn't be scared of her anytime soon. Craig came forward and disarmed Alex, taking her weapon and sticking it in his belt.

The guard who saw Alex shame herself picked up Hank bridal style carrying him out in front, Alex stood up, trying so hard not to sniffle, not wanting to feel even more like a helpless kid then she already did. She walked in front of the guard who had seen her pee, knowing full well a gun was pointed at her back, and if she tried anything the only thing she would get for her troubles was a spine full of holes, and she didn't want to be found dead with wet pants. She was just so embarrassed that her rear was visibly wet, her thighs dripping liquid down her pants, spreading her shame even further, making it visible to anyone that saw her that she peed herself. No wonder Kara hadn't told her, she was so embarrassed it was hard not to want to clean up and curl in bed for hours.

As she walked the guard in front of her visibly tensed, and she wondered why the guard behind her didn't notice. She kept quiet, seeing Hank's legs not wave like a limp rag dolls anymore, was he awake? The guard paused and turned around, and Alex had never been more impressed with Hank in her whole life. The man had tucked a gun under his shirt. She didn't know when or how, perhaps even when the first tremors started, but the gun was pointing up into the visor of the man holding him. It was almost comical seeing Hank in such a girly position but having all the control. Hank spoke, his sultry voice shaking with rage as his eyes locked with the guard that mistakenly took pity on Alex in her shameful state.

"Put the gun down, take out the magazine, turn on the safety, and then walk away." As he spoke, the guard that was holding him did as he was asked even if it wasn't also directed at him, not wanting to take any chances with the angry man he was carrying. Slowly, both men dropped their guns onto the carpeted floor below them, the magazines following, they clicked the safety on their firearms. The one guard set Hank down, but he quickly wobbled, Alex, moving to help him stand as the two guards turned and walked away, unarmed, most likely into the arms of office workers with pens waiting to take revenge for the hours of fear they had just endured. Alex leaned down to pick up her gun, so they had at least some form of protection if they saw anyone.

Alex took Hank to the stairs, taking them slowly she explained the situation to him, Hank doing his best to keep up with everything she said, though his head throbbed, and his mouth tasted fuzzy like TV static. Eventually, the pair made it outside, struggling to stand up under the weight of Hank due to her own weakness of fear and shame. Thankfully an EMT ran forward and took Hank into his arm like a princess doll, apparently used to lifting people all the time. Alex wobbled forward, seeing no sign of Kara anywhere. At times like these, her sister would be flying in and out of windows, delivering the bad guys, and rescuing the civilians.

Even news reporters nearby were saying such asking into their cameras where the caped wonder girl could be. Alex avoided the camera's line of sight, due to her wet pants that a hundred bystanders and now every EMT out here could now see. She was so ashamed of herself. She sat down with Hank inside the ambulance he had been placed in partly just to get away from everyone's prying eyes. Hank murmured, though he seemed out of it, as an IV was poked into his arm and he followed a light with his eyes. The EMT didn't pay much attention to their conversation, knowing as soon as he was done here, he would be needed outside to help with civilians that had been injured in the controlled explosions.

"Whatever happened to Kara, Alex we will get her back, she is a strong girl, she's capable, she's had a big sister to show her how to take care of herself in situations like this... if that... red headed woman... Emily I think was her name really does have any of her DNA... Kara after fighting all of those bad guys wouldn't have stood a chance, even with as smart as she is." At his words, Alex stiffened, already uncomfortable from her wet pants now this? The world really did kick a person while they were down.

"They managed to get some of her DNA? When Kara told me about it, she said she had dumped out all of her... accident outside a window, hours before they must have found her gone..." Alex bit her lip, worry coursing through her, there was no doubt in her mind they would want more DNA, more super soldiers but how would they get it? Would they force Kara into peeing herself more? Who knew what they would do to her now that she escaped... she shivered at the thought, Hank speaking up, noticing her obvious discomfort. The ambulance speeding down the road.

"I'm not sure, even a small drop of... well an accident like that could contain enough DNA to give a person of small stature the ability of Supergirl for as long as they needed to launch this attack...With all of those throw away men, Kara would have had her hands full before she ever even met the woman." Alex nodded, her heart sinking, they had her sister again... how were they going to get her back...?

"I had never seen those men in suits before, but that doesn't surprise me, if they had been canvassing they could have hired any number of men to stalk us all... they have the resources, if they can extract DNA, and tie down Supergirl... they must have kryptonite... though I Don't think they would kill her." Hank nodded in agreement, the ambulance coming to a jerking stop, hank was wheeled out on a stretcher into the hallway, Alex following, with an anxious look on her face. She was stopped however by a doctor, who offered her a pair of scrubs and a warm smile from woman to woman.

"Miss, you're from the DEO incident, right? Here take these, his room number is two oh four. I'm sure you'll want to talk to the director soon enough." Alex looked worried about leaving Hank, but the EMTs had wasted no time in carting him down the hall, so she nodded, slipping into the nearest bathroom, and used a damp paper towel to clean off her legs, throwing away her wet pants, and putting on the dark blue scrubs, she brushed at her hair with her fingers, thinking about Kara... and hoped she was okay, she would save her baby sister... the look on her face when she admitted she had been forced to pee was so embarrassed and sad... now she understood, now it was unforgivable.

Alex left the bathroom, her heart feeling like it was beating a million times a second in her chest, thankful that sweet woman had given her something to change into. She was nervous but felt a little bit better now that the constant wetness of her bum had reminded her of her shame barely an hour earlier. She walked slowly back to the hospital room she had been given directions too, reading the numbers, she stopped at a vending machine, getting herself some water, and Hank one as well... she hoped he was feeling better, she desperately wanted to talk to Hank about the men, she remembered their features perfectly, most notably the bald man's bright eyes, too bright, like a sterilized room no one was allowed into... it was unnatural.

Alex felt the cold condensation on the water bottles almost let them slip from her fingers, causing her to snap out of it, she found herself standing blankly in front of Hank's room, shaking herself she went in, surprised to see a DEO desk jockey, her arm in a sling, handing a computer to Hank. The desk jockey had rope burns around the visible arm, and she looked to Alex, and murmured, her voice like a quiet scared mouse. "Supergirl... where is she?" It was a question on everyone's mind, especially the ones that had been saved. They had noticed how tired she had been they all wanted to know if she was okay. No one had seen her come out of the building; no one had seen her inside the building. Alex took a moment. She didn't want the word spread public that she was kidnapped, much less that it was possible to capture the wonder girl herself. She smiled at the mousey girl and murmured.

"She was feeling a bit sick today, don't tell anyone okay? Supergirl is resting up at her home. She saved a lot of you up top today, she's fine." The mousy girl looked relieved, Alex knew she would tell her friends to relieve them, and they would tell their friends. It spread the rumor that Supergirl could take out hundreds and be fine. Hopefully, once they saved her sister something like this would never happen again to Kara. Alex would be sure of it. The DEO would up its security she didn't care how much she had to lobby Hank for it.

The girl walked around Alex, and the short-haired brunette moved towards Hank's bed, where he was typing frantically, murmuring. His voice a little slurred, he definitely had a concussion, the IV in his arm probably doing something to make him hyper... so he didn't sleep and lose his life... even though he was a martian, she wondered if concussions affected him the same.

"What are you doing Hank?" Alex asked, her voice riddled with fatigue, her body was exhausted, fear, pain, worry all draining her energy away like a vampire. Hank glanced at her like he just realized she was there, then showed her the computer screen. The screen showed a high-quality picture of Black and White behind the building, not even bothering to take out the security camera, they were so cocky, thinking they would win. It drew a soft growl from Alex.

"Right here is where the one in the Black suit pulls up in the Mustang. I took a screenshot of the license plates, and I'm sending them in for a BOLO with the police tied to a kidnapping. Though this car is most likely stolen, or it wouldn't have any plates." Alex nodded, being aware of all of this, but knew that Hank had a lot of energy right now, and was stuck in a bed for a day or two, if he wanted to help this way she would, of course, let him.

"Where's Kara though? Where's that bitch of a redhead, Hank... I need something to shoot. They could be doing anything to her right now. I can't have them hurt her just because they want to." The director nodded, and murmured, his eyes seeming to go in and out of focus, though his mind was still sharp as a tack.

"Look here, time stamp just an hour after noon." Alex took a sharp breath, seeing the redhead carrying Kara her fingers dripping blood from a cut on her palm, bruises on her neck, her clothes all torn up. She felt anger rise up into her, she wanted to beat the shit out of them, and put Kara in bed until she healed, what was she going to do? Hopelessness set in just under the burning hot anger, if the car was stolen how would they find any trace of these men?

Hank put a hand on her shoulder, trying to comfort her without any words. Alex felt her vision blur, her eyes becoming watery and red. She whispered, as a ding came from the computer, Hank starting at the sudden noise, before closing the surveillance footage.

"What was that an email?" She tried not to let her emotions consume her, if they did Kara had no hope, she had to be the strong big sister and keep working to save her no matter how long it took.

"No Alex, it's a not... incredibly legal by human standards... hacking, into the FBI's facial database... fingerprints... known crimes..." Alex glanced to him, a look on her face of relief, she looked to the screen as he moved it so she could view it better. The man she had seen who had been bald, in the white suit, was supposedly named James Henshaw, the man in a black suit with the shaved sides of his head was named William Hastoway. They were known for working as hit men, partners in crime... they weren't brothers or lovers, supposedly served hard time together in a third world country, their country refused to help them escape... so they broke out and used their skills to make a name for themselves in the hitman community. Alex took a deep breath, and murmured, looking over the page of information with an eagle eye.

"It doesn't say anything about where they live, or who they could be working for... it's nice to have a backstory, but... we need more than that Hank." Hank nodded, and scrolled down, to pictures of them recently being sited. There were several of these pictures. One of Black leaning on a bridge in what looked to be Paris talking on the phone but the timestamp was older, about a year. However, the more recent ones sent a thrill of fear down Alex's spine as she recognized what was supposed to be an old abandoned mansion no one ever used anymore... remodeled, fitted with what seemed to be top of the line surveillance. White and Black were stepping out of a cherry red mustang, the same one they had seen. As she opened her mouth to point this out, Hank smiled at her, always teaching her even when she was the best of the best.

"I've already been looking on traffic cameras for the direction they were heading... it looks like the mansion on Dewsvoia Lane, and Kershaw Road... up on the hill. It will be incredibly dangerous for us to access. Your gun will need to be recharged." Alex nodded before she paused giving her mentor a look of question and concern.

"Hank, you're hooked up to an IV, can you even stand on your own right now." The hidden martian met her eyes, and without looking, wrapped his arms around the IV and yanked it out, taking off the heart monitor stickers and wincing as they pulled at hairs on his arms and chest.

"I'm fine. I heal much faster than your average human, no offense." Alex rolled her eyes and stood up, taking the laptop with them, she handed him his shirt, from a pile of clothes, no one had bothered helping him into a hospital gown having so many from the DEO incident that needed attention and help. They hurried out into a hall, a nurse rushing into his room just a few feet behind him, before noticing he was gone, at the call for more nurses, Alex and Hank hurried to the elevator, pressing close quickly just as a doctor from down the hall pointed, and notified the others around him. After all the director of the DEO was a high priority patient. If he was being kidnapped or hurt their hospital would be ashamed forever.

As the elevator descended, Alex started walking with him back to her apartment where she had resources and food. They needed to make sure they were prepared, the last thing Kara needed was a failed rescue mission.

It took a while with a few odd looks tossed at Alex, in her nurse scrubs, Hank looking like he just lost a fight with a particularly angry haunted blender, his head wrapped in bandages. Once they got to the apartment, Alex sat down on her couch trying to do more research on those men, even delving so far as the dark web to see their website where they offered their... services, though they currently weren't accepting any jobs at the moment... most likely too engrossed in the one they were doing now... hurting her baby sister. There went the idea of luring them out and forcing them to release Supergirl in exchange for their partner in crime... Alex needed help to storm the castle, she couldn't let them hurt Kara like this, just the idea of what she was going through broke her heart. She would save Supergirl. There was no doubt about that in her mind.
