Omori fic - Sunny's Summer at the Cabin

Author: Erase

*000*2021-09-21 20:24

Chapter 1: Possible spoilers for the game Omori. Omori is my fav RPG and I'd hate for you to get spoiled if you're considering playing it at all. If you haven't played it come back and read after you have.

Sunny was sitting beside Basil in the back of the car. Things had been awkward at first after they reunited. Sunny had to work hard to regain everyone's trust after going awol for the second time. After he explained that he had been hospitalized after a suicide attempt the group softened and worked to understand Sunny's situation better. Basil had been the most upset after he disappeared but also understood first hand the severity of what Sunny had been dealing with and how anxiety and depression could trick you into believing no one could ever love or forgive you.

They were all on good terms again now. Hero paid extra close attention to both Basil and Sunny. A mix of him being an older brother and a doctor in training led to a bit of coddling from the older boy. He couldn't help but try and fill the hole Mari left in Sunny's life. Kel usually tried to be supportive by being overly present and optimistic. Aubrey still struggled sometimes with understanding Basil and Sunny but she knew what happened wasn't intentional and that it had left everyone scarred not just her.

Basil was in the center seat in the back Aubrey was sat in the front and Kel was in the back seat on the right. They had been in the car for a while when Basil noticed Sunny becoming fidgety. Basil wasn't sure what was up until Sunny crossed his legs tightly beside him. It was possible what was happening wasn't what Basil was thinking but as time passed it was becoming more clear that his suspicions were correct. It was starting to get a little obvious when Kel looked over at Sunny with confusion written on his face. It had been a few hours since they last stopped. It wouldn't be odd to need to pull over. Kel couldn't figure out why Sunny was being so shy about it.

Basil noticed as it started to become harder for Sunny to wait and decided to come out and ask. "Sunny, is everything ok?"

Sunny stiffened. "Yeah, why?"

Basil sighed, "You keep moving around like something is making you uncomfortable."

Sunny nodded, "I've been sitting for too long. I think I need to stretch my legs a bit."

Kel frowned at this not liking how shy his friend was being about his needs. "Really? Because it looks like you have to pee to me."

Sunny blushed a little at this unsure of how to handle what Kel said.

Hero looked at Sunny from the rearview mirror. The boy was clearly blushing. "You don't have to be embarrassed Sunny! You can tell me when you need to stop. It's not good for you to hold it. There's a rest stop in about 15 minutes. Do you think you can wait?"

Sunny blushed more at this statement feeling like a little kid. He didn't want to make everyone stop if he was the only one that needed to pee. "I um.. I can wait.. it's ok..."

Kel frowned. "If you see something closer I think Sunny has already waited too long. He didn't go at the last stop."

Hero looked in the rearview mirror again with a frown noticing how tense Sunny was. "Sunny be honest, when was the last time you went to the bathroom?"

Sunny covered part of his face with his hand trying to suppress his embarrassment. "I uh.. I went this morning when I woke up."

Hero looked at the clock. It was 1 PM now. That meant Sunny hadn't gone for almost 7 hours. Hero had made sure everyone was drinking enough water too. "Sunny it's not a problem to ask me to pull over you know that right?"

Sunny squirmed a bit more in his seat and nodded.

Kel looked up at Hero. "There's a gas station at this exit with a bathroom. Turn here."

Basil felt bad for Sunny. He knew Sunny was embarrassed but it was nice that Hero and Kel were making sure that Sunny was getting taken care of. Basil wasn't sure if he could be so blunt about stuff like that.

Aubrey looked up from her phone and took out her ear buds when she felt Hero turn at the exit. "Didn't we stop not to long ago?"

Hero frowned. "Yeah but Sunny needs the bathroom and we're going to need more gas before we get to the cabin anyway."

Aubrey growled quietly, "We're gonna hit the big city traffic at this rate."

Kel flicked Aubrey in the back of the head. "I have to go too! Which is better traffic or wet seats?"

Aubrey sighed, "Whatever..."

Hero pulled into the gas station and Sunny carefully got out of the vehicle followed closely by Basil and Kel. Sunny quickly made his way back to the bathroom only to realize it required a key. Sunny tried and failed to stay still in front of the door unsure of what to do until Kel came up next to him with the key.

Sunny felt relieved. He really wasn't comfortable asking for bathroom keys. "You can go first Kel."

Kel shook his head and chuckled softly. "I don't really need to go. Hurry up and get in there before you end up standing in a puddle."

Sunny nodded and quickly ran over to the toilet. While Kel closed the door behind him. He'd leaked a little earlier so his underwear was a bit damp. He was feeling a little light headed so he decided to sit down.

Basil felt embarrassed standing outside the door with Kel. He knew Kel was listening to make sure Sunny made it because Kel's shoulders relaxed when Basil heard the quiet sound of Sunny through the door. He felt it was really invasive to listen even if Kel had good intentions.

Kel stepped away from the door when the sound of water tapered off and moved to ruffle Basil's hair. "Do you need to go?"

Basil blushed and nodded. He didn't need to go that badly but he didn't want to make everyone stop later.

Sunny came out of the bathroom and Kel pushed Basil in.

Kel play punched Sunny's shoulder, "Could you go tell Hero and Aubrey the bathroom has a key and they should get in here if they need it?"

Sunny nodded and made his way out to the car where Hero was.

Hero grinned as he finished filling the car with gas. "Feel better?"

Sunny blushed and nodded not used to how open Kel and Hero could be about some things. "The bathroom has a key. Kel said you and Aubrey should go now if you need to."

Hero nodded and ducked his head into the car where a moody Aubrey was sitting. "Do you need the bathroom at all? We won't be stopping for a while."

Aubrey looked up and huffed. "Not really but I'll go anyway."

Hero peered over at Sunny. "Could you stay with the car?"

Sunny nodded taking the keys from Hero before watching Aubrey and Hero walk into the gas station store. A few minutes later everyone came back out. Hero was holding a bag of drinks and snacks for the rest of the trip.

Everyone got settled again before Hero got back on the freeway. Everyone was a little more tuned into Sunny now though. Hero hadn't really noticed before but Sunny had always had a tendency to wait til the last minute to tell someone when he needed something. Hero blamed Sunny's mom for that. She was rarely around and when she was around she wasn't exactly an attentive parent.

Sunny learned to be very self reliant as he grew up. Mari actually did a lot of what her mother should have been doing for Sunny before she died. Sunny's mother had been away much of the time which only got worse after Mari's death. Often, she'd only drop by to put groceries in the house since Sunny wouldn't go to the store himself. She traveled a lot for work which made being there for Sunny difficult after her husband left. After everything that family went through Hero could understand it but didn't approve of the situation.

Seeing Basil, Sunny and Aubrey's home lives made Hero glad Kel and him had parents like theirs.

They were all on summer break from college. Sunny's step-dad had a cabin near the beach that he was allowing them to use for a few months. Aubrey, Basil and Sunny attended one school and Kel and Hero attended one about an hour and a half away. It was difficult sometimes to get everyone together but they usually all hung out at least a few times a month if studying didn't get in the way.

Aubrey was in a general studies program. She was having trouble picking a major but her school had a great art department which she was becoming interested in. Kel was studying sports medicine which he got interested in after getting injured playing football. Hero had suggested it after Kel got offered a sport scholarship. Basil was majoring in photography after he rediscovered his passion for it when he got a new camera for his birthday. Sunny was in a classical music major. He felt odd about it at first but thought that Mari would have wanted him to continue playing violin.

Hero was proud of all of them. He'd just finished his first year in a full medical program. He would be a resident about the same time as Sunny and Basil would graduate.

Aubrey had been right about them catching traffic. There wasn't much they could have done about it though. They would have gotten stuck regardless of whether or not they stopped. Hero had been watching Sunny on and off through the rear view mirror. He was an adult technically but Hero couldn't keep from thinking of all of them as kids in his mind. Sunny hadn't looked great that morning and Hero had noticed he'd gotten paler since then.

It almost reminded him of when He first saw Sunny after he'd locked himself away in his house. Hero made note of it. He was going to make sure Sunny was eating ok while they were at the cabin. He'd lost some weight since he last saw him too. "Sunny?"

Sunny had been close to falling asleep when Hero called him. Sunny looked up but his expression was a bit dazed.

"You should drink some water. I also got some candies if you want some."

Aubrey looked up from her phone for a moment before grabbing a water bottle and a package of gummy bears from out of the bag on the floor for Sunny.

Sunny grabbed the items from Aubrey with a small smile. The doctor in Hero was itching to do a blood panel on Sunny suspecting the boy might be anemic.

Basil looked at the items in Sunny's lap. Sunny let them sit there for a while before Kel got frustrated and opened the gummy bears for him. "We're sharing these."

Basil laughed a little at that before grabbing some for himself and Sunny before giving the rest to Kel. Hero looked back again after they'd finished the gummy bears and saw that Sunny still hadn't opened his water. Basil noticed too.

Sunny caught on that Hero was serious after about the third time he saw him look. Not wanting any more attention, he opened the bottle and took a few sips of the water. He wasn't sure how much longer he was going to be in the car and didn't really want to embarrass himself again because he needed to pull over sooner than everyone else.

Hero noticed that Sunny seemed a little less lethargic after the gummy bears and water. "You should finish that bottle Sunny. I know you're thirsty."

Sunny blushed a little before having a few more sips.

Kel let out an exasperated sigh. It was getting to be about 5:00. They'd been in the car for a long time at this point. "How close are we?"

Hero sighed. Kel would always be Kel. "If traffic would let up I think we'd get there around 8:00 PM. Until it does though I'm not sure. Basil frowned at this. He would need to stop again during that time. Hero probably would too though. Kel would definitely make him pull over at some point. He'd already drank 2 sodas since their last stop.

If he needed to though he would work up the courage to ask.

Thirty minutes later they were still in traffic. Sunny had finished his water bottle and was starting to need the bathroom again. He did his best to stay still this time so as not to alert Basil or Kel.

It was about 6:30 when they finally made it through the traffic at which point Sunny was having trouble staying still again. Kel was about to ask Hero to pull into the next rest area when he noticed Sunny was squirming again.

Kel looked at a sign that said next rest area 30 miles and figured he'd wait to see if Sunny would ask. Basil noticed the fidgeting not long after. He knew he could wait for Sunny to ask or Kel to bring it up now. Maybe Hero needed to go too. Hero sighed thankful for getting out of the stop and go traffic. He started searching for rest area signs. He was sure someone would need to go soon. When he looked in the rearview mirror though it was clear that both Kel and Basil were looking at an uncomfortable looking Sunny.

Hero didn't want to reinforce the kid's fear of bringing attention to his needs. Hero noticed a sign that said next rest area 30 minutes. It looked like Sunny had noticed it too. Hero sighed. Sunny was going to need a push. He needed to drink more water anyway.

Hero reached down and grabbed a water bottle for Sunny and put it in his lap. "You're gonna get sick if keep restricting water Sunny."

Sunny blushed suddenly feeling a little angry. "I'm not a baby Hero!"

Hero looked up. "Sunny I'm not treating you like a baby. I don't want you to hurt yourself because you're afraid you'll need to do something natural if you take care of yourself."

Basil opened the water for Sunny with a small smile. "It's ok. We can stop anytime you need. You just gotta let us know ok?"

Sunny blushed taking the water from Basil snappishly.

Sunny blushed, everyone was looking at him waiting for him to drink it. How did he end up in this situation? He drank the water feeling his face heat up even more. He was going to have to ask. There was no way he could hold it all the way to the cabin especially after drinking the water Basil had given him.

He was trying to stay still now though. Hero would be mad if he said he needed to go now. He would know he was avoiding asking.

Hero looked back at Sunny again prompting him. "Make sure you let me know early Sunny so I can find a good place to get off the road."

Sunny wanted the ground to swallow him.

With that everyone settled back to what they were doing before. Hero focused on the road, Basil was flipping through some photos in his digital camera, Aubrey was still watching something on her phone and Kel was keeping himself busy trying to finish up a Summer assignment before they got to the cabin.

Sunny was really trying to stay still now. His legs were were already crossed. The rest area was coming up. Maybe he could make it to the next one. Kel would need to go by then Sunny was sure.

As they approached the rest area Hero looked back at a tense Sunny feeling disappointed. Why hadn't he spoken up?

"Sunny?"

Sunny flinched before looking up at Hero trying not to hold himself.

Hero tried to keep an impartial expression. "This might be the last rest area for awhile. Should we stop?"

Sunny nodded face still tinged pink. "Now is probably a good time."

Hero nodded before putting on his blinker. Kel looked at Sunny. It was obvious he needed to go at this point. Kel still couldn't figure out why he was so shy about it. By the time Hero parked Sunny was shaking slightly from the strain of holding it. Everyone piled out of car.

Aubrey took off in the direction of the women's bathroom and the boys started making their way to the men's bathroom. Sunny was trailing just behind everyone else. Being so close was making everything worse. The bathroom was small but empty thankfully. Hero saw Sunny and wasn't sure he would make it if there were a line.

Basil entered a stall while Kel and Hero pulled Sunny over to the three urinals. Hero, Kel and Sunny quickly undid their pants and started going. Sunny had been a little shaky as he was taking himself out. Kel sighed loudly to Hero's amusement and Sunny's embarrassment. Feeling light headed again Sunny steadied himself against the wall with his free hand.

Hero saw this and felt a little concerned. Something was off with Sunny. When they got settled at the cabin Hero intended to get to the bottom of what it was. Kel and Hero had finished up before Sunny had. Kel laughed and slapped Sunny's back as his stream finally started to slow much to the other boy's surprise and embarrassment. 'You really needed to go huh?"

Basil was already washing his hands in the sink as Hero and Kel gave Sunny an unusual amount of attention.

Hero handed Basil the car keys. "Could you let Aubrey back in the car? I want to get some stuff from the vending machines before we get back on the road."

Basil nodded and left the bathroom.

Sunny zipped himself up shortly after and everyone washed their hands. Before Sunny could leave the bathroom Hero grabbed the back of his collar. He wasn't going to let Sunny get away without talking about what happened. "How come you didn't speak up about needing to go earlier? I'm pretty sure if I hadn't said something you wouldn't have been able to hold it 'til the next stop. I already told you it's not good to hold it like that all the time."

Sunny sighed, "It makes me nervous to ask for it."

Kel gave Sunny a confused look. "We're basically brothers dude! We're going to be together all Summer. You gotta relax around us. We aren't going to be angry at you for needing the bathroom."

Hero nodded. "Keeping that up increases your odds of getting an infection. You restricting water is what really scares me though. You need to do a better job of listening to your body. Promise me you'll be honest when you need something next time ok?"

Kel nodded concern written onto his features. "We don't want you to hurt yourself or be uncomfortable."

Sunny nodded looking at the floor. "I'll try and speak up next time."

Hero smiled, "Good! You can tell us anything Sunny. Don't forget that."

With that said they got some stuff from the vending machine and headed back to the car. Once they were back to the car Hero checked the distance to the cabin. "I'm thinking we'll get to the cabin around 9:30 guys."

Everyone was glad to hear it. It had been a long day in the car.

Sunny looked up at Hero, "Could you pass me a water and some chips?"

Hero smiled, "Sure thing Sunny."

Hero handed Sunny the items before pulling back onto the freeway. The rest of the ride was largely uneventful which everyone was grateful for.

It was dark when they all got to the cabin. They looked the place over. It had two bedrooms a loft and the living room was set up to sleep at least two people. Aubrey decided on the loft. Hero decided he'd share a room with Kel and Sunny and Basil ended up sharing the other room. Once that was decided Sunny made use of the bathroom before getting his things set up in his and Basil's room.

Sunny looked at Basil after he'd finished bringing in his things. "I move around in my sleep sometimes if I ever wake you up just let me know and I can move to the living room."

Basil nodded. "Sounds good. I think Hero has some stuff for dinner."

Sunny was glad to hear that. Hero's food was the best and he hadn't eaten much of his lunch.

When they left their shared room Basil and Sunny saw Hero in the kitchen and Aubrey and Kel sitting on the couch watching some cartoon show Sunny didn't recognize. Basil smiled. "What are you making Hero?"

Hero frowned. "I'm trying to decide, do you guys want mac and cheese or PB and Js? I'd do something a little nicer but I'm kinda limited until we can go by a grocery store."

Kel looked up from his cartoon. "I vote mac and cheese."

Hero looked at Sunny, Aubrey, and Basil. "Does that work for you guys?"

Sunny and Basil nodded before going to sit on the couch with Kel and Aubrey. Kel was eating a bag of chips and offered a few to Sunny. Sunny ate a few while they waited for Hero to finish dinner.

The cartoon they were watching ended just before Hero finished dinner for everyone. Everyone dished up and got comfortable again in the living room. Hero commented that he preferred his Mac and cheese with fresh cheese but powdered worked ok when needed.

Sunny couldn't really tell that he did anything weird with it. He was used to boxed Mac and cheese so anything home made was awesome.

After everyone got their fill Aubrey started on the dishes. It was around 10 when they all finally headed to bed. Sunny and Basil were gonna head back to their room for the night before Hero stopped the two. "Do you want to shower or brush your teeth before bed? There's quite a few of us so we should probably sort out who's gonna shower at night and who showers in the morning.

Basil nodded. "I usually shower in the morning."

Sunny thought about it for a minute. "I'm kinda tired so I want to wait 'til tomorrow."

Hero nodded. "Aubrey and I will shower tonight then. I think Kel's already asleep."

With that Basil and Sunny went to bed.

The next morning when Sunny got up Basil was missing from the other side of the bed. The sun had clearly been up for some time and it was starting to get a little warm in their room.

Sunny slid out from under the covers not wanting to miss breakfast. Hero must have made something good because Sunny could already smell it. Sunny stepped out into the living room to find Aubrey on the couch and the brothers sitting and finishing their breakfast at the small table. Basil must have been in the bathroom.

Hero looked up at Sunny. "You'd better dish up before Kel gets the rest of it."

Sunny laughed, before grabbing a plate and joining the brothers at the table. Hero had made hash browns and a scramble with peppers and sausage mixed in. It was really good. He hadn't been eating much lately so he managed to finish a little over half his plate before he had to stop.

He hadn't really ever been good at eating regular meals or breakfast so he already felt a little over full. Sunny knew he wouldn't be allowed to skip meals with Hero around though. Sunny didn't want to waste it so he pushed his plate over to Kel. "I'm pretty full. Do you want the rest?"

Hero frowned a little at that. "You didn't eat very much."

Kel nodded. "I'll finish it but you should try and eat a little more first."

Sunny took the plate back and ate a few more bites of the eggs. It was good but it was a lot first thing in the morning. Sunny was a little uncomfortable but knew the feeling would pass in a few hours.

Hero took note of this. He'd have to make some higher calorie meals for a little while if Sunny couldn't finish a normal portion. Hero was trying to figure out just how under weight Sunny had gotten without him noticing.

Kel smiled before taking the plate and finishing it off for Sunny. Basil stepped out of the bathroom with wet hair and joined Aubrey on the couch. Once the bathroom opened up Sunny went to go brush his teeth and make use of the toilet. He usually went right away after waking up so it was getting urgent by the time Basil finished his shower. Sunny didn't really want to shower so he grabbed some dry shampoo and brought it with him to the bathroom.

Hero cleaned up from breakfast while they waited on the youngest to get ready for the day. Everyone had slept in at least a little. By the time they'd finished breakfast it was almost noon.

Sunny came out of the bathroom a few minutes later. He hadn't bothered changing his clothes but he still looked presentable.

Aubrey looked at Hero. "Do we have any plans for today?"

Hero shook his head, "I went grocery shopping this morning so there isn't really anything I need to do in town."

Aubrey looked at Basil. "I heard this city has a cool japanese botanical garden."

Basil perked up at this. "That sounds cool! Can we go?"

Hero looked at Basil. "I don't see why not."

Basil grinned feeling excited. He grabbed Sunny's hand making his way out the front door.

Hero laughed."Looks like we're going now then."

It was a 30 minute drive to the garden. It happened to be located near a big mall Aubrey wanted to see later. A month pass to get into the garden was fairly cheap at 10 dollars per per person. They could get day tickets for 5 but Basil figured he would want to come back a few times to take pictures. Basil was so excited. They had cherry blossom trees in bloom and a bonsai garden.

Everyone got their passes and they made their way into the garden. The map they got said it was a 40 acre property with a koi pond and tea house near the center. Hero was interested in the tea ceremony they were holding at 3:00 PM. They'd probably get a chance to see it. There was a light breeze and everywhere they went a new sweet floral scent would appear.

Sunny was mostly watching Basil and listening to him talk about about different plants in the garden. Hero couldn't help but be sucked in by the younger boy's enthusiasm. Aubrey even seemed to relax. It was hard to be moody when walking through such a beautiful garden. Basil led the way with Sunny occasionally looking at the map and offering suggestions. Hero was glad everyone seemed so happy and relaxed.

Hero figured since they had a late breakfast they'd probably do a late lunch early/dinner around 4.

When they'd finished exploring the garden they laid in the grass near the koi pond until the tea ceremony started. Hero suggested they go. It costed a little extra but they'd get traditional matcha tea and some traditional Japanese sweets too.

They were ushered into the building by a kind woman wearing a kimono and traditional geisha makeup.

Hero thought she was beautiful. As they enjoyed their tea and flower shaped confections the geishas got out and played a koto. This was particularly interesting to Sunny. He'd never seen a string instrument quite like it before. It was beautiful and a little haunting. He knew the sound from asian restaurants he'd eaten at in the past though.

Hero wondered if the dessert they were given had mochi as a base. It was very soft and the flowers tasted like different fruits.

They finished up around 3:30. Hero figured they'd be done then but Basil wanted to get a few pictures by the roses. They made their way over to that part of the garden and Basil snapped a few pictures of each of them. He didn't want the images to seem staged so he told them to pretend he wasn't there. He got a few good shots of each of them separately and one together where Aubrey was laughing and Kel was poking Hero.

Once Basil got the photos he wanted Aubrey and Kel came over to look at them. Sunny was standing by Hero looking at the map. Sunny didn't see bathrooms labeled anywhere on the map. He figured he could wait 'til they got back to the cabin though. He figured they'd be back in less than an hour.

Hero looked at Sunny, "What are you looking for now?"

Sunny couldn't help but blush. "I uh.."

He paused for a second trying to sort out what to say. "Um.. lost the exit."

Hero frowned at the odd hesitation. He wasn't sure how Sunny could miss such an obvious landmark on the map. "It's just over that way. We'll leave soon."

Basil, Kel and Aubrey walked over shortly after. Basil smiled at the two. "Ready to go?"

Hero nodded and started heading towards the exit. Sunny was glad they were headed back to the cabin. He just needed to keep still on the ride back.

Sunny hadn't realized how much walking around had been helping until he got to the car. He had to cross his legs as soon as he sat down to avoid leaking. Kel noticed this almost immediately. "Sunny?"

Sunny tried to keep a neutral expression. Hero was looking back at him now too.

Kel frowned. "You remember what we talked about right?"

Sunny nodded. "I'm good really."

Hero frowned remembering when Sunny had been looking at the map earlier. He was pretty sure he'd figured out what Sunny had really been looking for. "Does anyone need the bathroom before we head back to the cabin?"

Basil looked up. "Is there one near here?"

Hero nodded. "There's one a block away from the garden entrance. I saw a sign for it."

Basil looked at Hero and Kel. "I should probably go before we leave."

Hero opened his door and stepped outside. Kel and Basil got out too. Sunny was going to stay in the car but Hero opened the door for him prompting him to follow.

Aubrey looked back at the two sensing some sort of awkward tension. "You can leave the keys with me Hero. I'm staying in the car."

Hero nodded and handed Aubrey the keys. Sunny frowned and got out of the car. They were a ways behind Kel and Basil now.

Hero looked at him a little perturbed. "I thought you said you would speak up when you needed something next time."

Sunny looked away from Hero feeling awkward. "I'm sorry. It's just hard for me. I thought it would be fine if I waited."

They got to the bathroom a minute later Kel and Sunny were at the two urinals. There was only one stall which was currently occupied leaving Hero and Sunny to wait for the other two to finish up. Being in the bathroom made it harder to hold.

Sunny was shifting from foot to foot and rubbing his thighs together a little as they waited. Hero took notice of his obvious desperation.

After Basil and Kel finished up Hero and Sunny stepped up to the open urinals. Hero finished up quickly. Sunny was a little shaky getting his pants undone but managed to after a moment. The tension melted from the younger boy's body soon after. Hero didn't want to be to invasive but he could tell after a quick glance Sunny hadn't been drinking enough again. He'd waited way to long to bring up that he needed to go.

Hero also noticed that the teenager was bracing himself against the wall with his free hand again. It was an odd slightly concerning habit. As the two were washing their hands Hero looked over at Sunny.

"I noticed you have a habit of leaning up against things sometimes. Are you getting dizzy?"

Sunny looked up at Hero a little surprised. "Sometimes, but that's kind of normal for me."

Hero frowned. "When was the last time you saw a doctor Sunny?"

Sunny frowned. "I guess when I was in the hospital on watch after my attempt. I haven't had insurance since I started college so I haven't really been to the doctor in a while."

The two dried their hands and Hero put a hand on Sunny's shoulder. "Would you mind if I looked you over when we get back to the cabin?"

Sunny thought about it for a moment before nodding. "That'd be fine."

Hero smiled, "Good! Let's get back to the car then."

The drive back was short and when they arrived Hero set up his and Kel's room to do a mini exam. Aubrey, Kel, and Basil settled on the couch. While Hero and Sunny went into the other room the others started a movie. Hero had found a scale in the cabin which was pretty much the only thing he'd been missing for a basic exam. Sunny sat on the bed while Hero finished getting his stuff ready. "How tall are you Sunny?"

Sunny thought about it for a moment. I think I'm 5 4"."

Hero wrote this down before having Sunny step on the scale. The scale read 94 lbs. Hero wrote this down with a little bit of concern. He suspected Sunny was underweight but 14 lbs underweight was honestly worse than he'd been expecting. Hero lifted Sunny's shirt and as he feared all the younger boy's ribs were clearly visible.

Next, Hero checked Sunny's blood pressure. It was a little low. When checking Sunny's throat Hero noticed his gums were a bit pale which was a potential indicator of anemia and malnutrition. His ears looked great and his remaining eye was responding properly to light leading Hero to suspect his dizziness wasn't a nervous system issue. It could be caused by low blood pressure and sudden drops in blood pressure though.

Hero paused. "What do you normally eat in a day Sunny?"

Sunny looked away from Hero for a moment suddenly feeling shy. "I usually don't eat much until after I finish my classes. I eat a lot of frozen dinners. Sometimes I'll eat two if I'm really hungry. I'll eat instant noodles on my lunch break if I start feeling hungry in class. I probably eat the most on weekends when we all hang out though."

Hero frowned. Sunny's answer was actually worse than he'd been expecting. Sunny was probably deficient in a lot of vitamins and minerals not just iron. "Sunny we need to fix your diet or you're going to end up in the hospital next year."

Sunny looked sheepish. "I guess I didn't realize it was getting that bad."

Hero nodded. "We normally get a lot of water from our food too so I imagine you aren't doing a great job of staying hydrated either. How much would you guess you normally drink?"

Sunny thought about it for a moment before replying. "I normally carry a water bottle with me but I don't usually refill it until I get home. It's a 16 oz bottle so I'd guess 4 or 6 cups. I don't really like the bathroom at the University so I try and wait to get back to my dorm if I can."

Hero nodded. "You need to drink more too. You have low blood pressure which can be caused by dehydration. I don't want you randomly passing out on us. Your lightheadedness is actually kind of serious. Why do you dislike the University bathroom?"

Sunny sighed. "I've just had a hard time with public bathrooms in general since I started going outside again. It's hard for me not to get anxious when I have to use one. I usually have to go pretty bad before it's worth it to me to use one."

Hero frowned at this. This wasn't something he was taught how to help people with. "How would you say you're doing mentally overall?"

Sunny smiled at this. "A lot better overall honestly. I had to quit therapy when I got cut off my mom's insurance but it helped me get over a lot of the issues I had in highschool. I've pretty well come to terms with what happened with Mari. I can play and enjoy the violin again. I'm not amazing but I guess I'd say I'm amazing for me."

Hero smiled at this. "I know we can get you eating, drinking and feeling better over the summer too. We'll work on your public bathroom issue. Like I said holding it all the time and restricting water is going to end up hurting you."

Sunny seemed a little more apprehensive about the bathroom thing but Hero was going to be a doctor soon. He had to be comfortable with stuff like that. "You're going to make a really good doctor Hero."

Hero grinned at that. "Thanks, I'm going keep checking on you like this until I think you're healthy again. Is that alright?"

Sunny nodded. "I appreciate it. I have a hard time staying on top of my health with school. It'll be a lot easier with you looking out for me."

Hero grinned, "I'm gonna start on dinner, you should go watch that movie with everyone."

Sunny left to join the and Hero put away all his doctor stuff in his summer assignment bag. Helping Sunny would actually help him with his summer project.

Once he finished that he made his way to the kitchen. He needed to make something nutritious and high calorie. After looking through the fridge Hero settled on a beef noodle stir fry with garlic oil for calories. Kel would love it. He just hoped it wouldn't be too rich for Sunny and Basil.

In the other room Aubrey paused the movie to look at Sunny trying to sort out what was going on between him and Hero. "Is everything ok?"

Sunny nodded a little uncomfortable with how Basil, Kel and Aubrey were looking at him so intently. "I've been a little lightheaded on and off for the past few months. Hero wanted to check on me to make sure it wasn't anything serious. I guess I'm a little underweight and haven't been drinking enough water."

Aubrey's expression filled with worry and she pulled Sunny against her side. "Why haven't you been taking care of yourself? We can't always be there to make sure you're eating Sunny."

Sunny pulled away slightly feeling uncomfortable. "I honestly didn't realize what a big deal it was. I have a hard time eating very much in one sitting."

Aubrey frowned noticing she could feel Sunny's ribs through his shirt. "We'll figure that out. Hopefully we can get you sorted out before school comes around again."

Kel smiled at Sunny, "If Aubrey and Hero are involved you won't have anything to worry about for long."

Basil nodded, "I'm glad Hero looked at you. Honestly, we've all been a little worried about you since finals. Kel noticed you'd lost a lot of weight."

Sunny felt bad. "It happens so slowly it's hard to notice until someone points it out to you. I promise to try and eat more now though. Hero said he'd keep checking me until I was healthy again so you guys don't need to worry about it anymore."

Aubrey hugged Sunny a little tighter to her side. "We'll quit worrying when you're healthy again."

Sunny nodded realizing he was going to feel bloated most of the summer. With everyone watching him he was going to be stuffed at every meal. Hero wasn't going to let him get dehydrated either.

Aubrey started the movie again until Hero called them for dinner. He already had a plate ready for Sunny. Which Sunny was happy about. He figured he could handle the portion he'd been given.

Hero smiled at him, "I want you to at least finish that if you can stomach seconds that'd be great but I'm ok with you only eating this if it's what you can manage."

Sunny nodded before sitting at the table. Hero's food was amazing. He was almost done when everyone else settled for dinner. He had to push himself a little to finish what was on his plate but did manage without too much discomfort. Hero put a glass of water in front of him too. Sunny was a little apprehensive about it, already feeling a little overfull but nursed sips of it while everyone finished their dinner. When he finished the glass Hero brought him another. Sunny looked at Hero holding his distended stomach. "I don't think I can finish another glass."

Hero smiled back at Sunny. "I'll be happy if you finish it before bed. This will get easier as your stomach gets used to stretching again. Don't make yourself sick but do drink what you can."

Sunny nodded and gave himself some time to let his stomach settle. By the time he was ready to have a few more sips everyone else had finished dinner. Hero wrapped up the left overs and put them in the fridge before starting on the dishes.

It was getting close to 9 by the time Sunny managed to finish his water. As soon as he did though Hero brought another glass. Sunny huffed. Hero smiled. If you can't finish it that's ok. I just want you to try before tomorrow morning. Sunny nodded trying to keep what was already in his stomach down. He felt nauseous as Hero handed him the third glass. "You skipped showering this morning. Do you want to tonight?"

Sunny shook his head. "I want to sleep off my stomach ache. I can shower in the morning."

Hero nodded. Letting Sunny go back to his room. He wouldn't push him as hard after tonight but Hero needed to get his appetite back to normal before Sunny could start to gain any weight.

Sunny laid in bed slowly sipping what water he could manage until Basil joined him a bit later. It was a little past ten and Basil settled down quickly to sleep. Once Sunny finished the last glass he laid down to sleep nursing his over full stomach. Basil woke up to a squirming Sunny.

The clock read 5 AM. Basil didn't want to disturb Sunny's sleep so he quietly moved to the living room to sleep on the couch. Basil remembered Sunny mentioning he would move around in his sleep but didn't see any reason to disturb the younger male.

By 9 everyone was awake and Aubrey had just gotten in the shower. Sunny jolted awake thighs pressed tightly together. He realized he had leaked into his underwear while asleep and was absolutely bursting.

He scrambled out of bed and ran to the bathroom door only to realize it was occupied. The sound of the running shower was unbearable and Sunny felt a long involuntary spurt wet the front of his pants. Hero looked up from his spot on the couch noticing Sunny's wet pants and frantic expression.

Without a second thought the older boy grabbed Sunny's wrist and drug him outside positioning him in front of a nearby tree and glancing around to make sure they were alone. Sunny didn't hesitate seconds from an accident to pull himself out. He was shaking from the relief unable to stop himself as soon as he was free of his pants. Hero smiled at him feeling a little embarrassed. "I didn't think you'd wake up needing to go that bad."

Sunny blushed still emptying his overfilled bladder. "I don't usually drink that much before bed and I always pee first thing in the morning. I didn't realize how bad I'd need to go either."

Hero nodded glancing around to make sure they were still alone. "Did you wet your sheets?"

Sunny shook his head. "I leaked after I got up so I only got my pants wet."

Hero nodded glad to hear it. It took Sunny a little bit to finish up but the younger boy breathed a shaky sigh of relief when he finally finished.

Hero grinned. "At least you're hydrated."

Sunny laughed. "If it means wetting myself I'm not sure I want to be hydrated."

Kel stepped out onto the porch a moment late followed by Basil "Everything ok?"

Hero looked up at his younger brother and Basil. "Yeah, Sunny just wasn't going to be able to wait for Aubrey so I brought him outside. Everything is alright now."

Aubrey stepped out onto the porch a moment later shirt wet from her damp hair. "Sunny! I'm sorry! I had no idea."

Sunny looked at Aubrey face completely red. "It's alright. I didn't realize I wouldn't be able to hold it."

Hero ushered everyone back into the cabin trying to preserve what was left of Sunny's dignity. "Go ahead and shower Sunny I'll grab some clean clothes from your suitcase."

*002*2021-09-22 21:55

Chapter 2:

Sunny went to go clean himself up. Before getting in the shower he looked himself over in the mirror. He'd been wearing grey sweatpants to bed. They were clearly wet down to the mid-thigh.

He hadn't had anything like that happen to him since he was little. Sunny felt embarrassed as he stripped the wet clothes off and laid them in the sink. Had Hero not pulled him outside he would have completely wet himself standing outside the bathroom door.

Sunny turned on the shower faucet as hot at it would go feeling angry at himself. Why didn't he wake up earlier? Why couldn't he hold it? Three cups of water was nothing. He wasn't used to drinking that much but he was 19. College students didn't just piss themselves in front of the bathroom door!

Sunny stepped under the scalding water and grit his teeth. He took a few deep breaths to steady himself and acclimate to the burning sensation. He'd been in the shower for about 5 minutes before he heard a knock on the door.

It was Hero. "Hey Sunny! Could you unlock the door for a second? I brought some clothes. If you want I could throw your dirty ones in the laundry for you."

Sunny reluctantly stepped out from under the shower to unlock the door. He wrapped himself in a towel before opening it slightly. His skin had gotten a little red from the hot water.

Hero stepped into the bathroom with Sunny and placed an outfit on the counter before grabbing the wet clothes from the sink. He noticed Sunny had the shower set all the way to hot and looked at the younger male concerned. "Doesn't having the shower that hot hurt?"

Sunny looked away feeling odd. He hadn't expected Hero to pick up on that. "Not really. I don't keep it that hot the whole time though."

Hero frowned and set Sunny's wet clothes back in the sink. He put his hand under the shower and recoiled with a hiss before reaching to adjust the temperature for the younger male. "Sunny you'll get burned if you stay in there for long."

Hero turned his attention to Sunny and saw the skin around the boy's collar bone was bright pink and lowered the temperature of the water a bit more. "Don't turn it back up. It looks like you already burned yourself a bit."

Sunny shied away when Hero came over to inspect the red skin closer. "Does it hurt?"

Sunny shook his head. "It's really not a big deal. I just like it hot like that sometimes."

Hero ran his finger across the skin on Sunny's shoulder. Sunny winced and Hero raised a brow at him. "You need to look after yourself better. Stuff like this is going to really hurt you over time. If you're upset don't take it out on yourself. I can help you find an outlet."

Hero held eye contact with Sunny for a few seconds before turning to collect Sunny's dirty clothes. "Come talk to me when you're done in the shower. I'm going to get started on breakfast for everyone."

Hero left a moment later. Sunny looked at himself in the mirror. His skin was a little red. Sunny understood Hero's point but it felt good in a weird way. Doing it felt right. He thought about how he'd feel if he caught someone else doing it though. He wouldn't be happy if Basil was burning himself because he was upset. Even if it was really minor. He couldn't picture Kel or Hero doing something like that.

Sunny finished up in the shower after that leaving the temperature dial where it was. He got dressed and stepped out into the living room where everyone was sitting enjoying breakfast. Hero made ham egg and cheese breakfast sandwiches with some fresh fruits.

Hero had already set up a plate and a glass of milk for Sunny. Hero waved Sunny over to sit next to him at the small table. The chair squeaked slightly when Sunny sat down. He felt a little nauseous looking at the food but started on the fruit anyway.

Hero watched Sunny closely after he'd finished his own meal. Sunny looked like he was already struggling with what was on his plate. He had a few sips of his milk and a few bites of the breakfast sandwich before sitting back and holding his stomach.

Hero frowned at Sunny. "Do you feel sick?"

Sunny took a breath. "I bit. It's just a lot more than I'm used to eating. I don't know if I can finish it."

Kel looked at Sunny's plate. He'd finished about a 3rd of it. "I'd be starving if that's all I ate."

Sunny felt a little embarrassed. "I'm really just not used to eating breakfast. I still feel kind of full from last night."

Hero thought about that for a moment. "How would you feel about having a smoothie in the morning instead of a full meal?"

Sunny looked up at Hero. "I think that'd be a lot easier to get down."

Hero nodded taking the fruit and remaining milk from Sunny before going into the kitchen. He happened to have some protein powder and some full fat yogurt he could mix in to make an adequate meal replacement.

Hero pulled a blender out of the cupboard and came back a minute later with a smoothie for Sunny. Sunny smiled at this. "I'm still pretty full but I think I can work on finishing this."

Hero was happy with this. He tried to sort out whether Sunny was on track in terms of calories. Hero guessed he'd had about 200 calories before the smoothie and the smoothie had about 600 calories in it. If Sunny could stomach three meals like that a day he'd almost be back to a healthy weight by the end of the summer.

Sunny sat on the couch next to Basil and Aubrey while he worked on finishing his smoothie.

Hero cleaned up after breakfast before coming back out into the living room. Everyone was relaxing on the couch watching some cartoon Kel picked out.

About an hour later Sunny finished his smoothie.

He knew it was stupid but he was kind of proud of managing to eat that much. Aubrey noticed his change in demeanor and smiled at him. Hero took his glass and came back a minute later with a cup full of water. Sunny huffed but took it knowing Hero was just looking out for him. Hero ruffled Sunny's hair before asking him to go into his and Kel's room.

Sunny followed Hero and sat on the bed. Hero had his doctor equipment out again.

Hero sat across from Sunny looking a little concerned. "How long have you been trying to burn yourself when you shower?"

Sunny hadn't been expecting that question. "I don't want to burn myself. It's just the stinging helps distract me from my thoughts sometimes."

Hero paused for a moment. "What were you trying to distract yourself from this morning?"

Sunny sighed. "I basically wet myself. I dunno I felt stupid and was mad that I couldn't hold it."

Hero put a hand on Sunny's shoulder. "How many times have you waited till the last minute to go in the last two days?"

Sunny thought about it for a minute. "Four or five times?"

Hero nodded. "You over stressed your bladder. Your body is protesting. It doesn't like constantly being ignored. Eventually it quits listening as well. You've also been drinking more than your used to and it will take some time to get used to needing to go more in general. It's not the end of the world and no one is upset about it. It's a little embarrassing but everyone understands your trying to get healthy again and it's impacting your body in unexpected ways."

Sunny nodded looking at the floor.

Hero smiled, "If you feel like you need to set the shower to hot come talk to me first. I'd prefer you set it to cold if you really need a distraction."

Sunny nodded. "Thanks."

Hero got out his BP cuff and had Sunny step on the scale again. Sunny was two pounds heavier already with a little water and food in him. The younger boy's blood pressure was a little higher than yesterday too. Sunny smiled at the scale amazed it went up so quickly.

Hero was starting to feel a little better about things too. "It's mostly water weight and what you've got in your stomach but you're going in the right direction."

Sunny stepped off the scale and sat back on the bed happy to hear it.

Hero started putting his doctor gear away before heading back to the living room with Sunny.

Aubrey was flipped upside down on the couch looking at her phone when Sunny and Hero came back in the living room. She looked up at Hero with a smile. "Can we check out the mall today?"

Hero looked at his watch. It was about 10:30. "I don't see why not."

Aubrey smiled and flipped over so her feet were back on the ground. "Let's get going!"

Hero threw Aubrey the keys. "Go ahead and get in the car. It'll take me a minute to get ready."

Aubrey headed out the door Kel trailing shortly behind her. Basil stood quickly eyes flickering to the door before deciding to use the bathroom before leaving. Hero filled a water bottle for Sunny and handed it to him for the trip.

Basil came out a minute later and they all loaded into the car to head to the mall.

On the drive there Sunny realized he should have used the bathroom before he left. They were about 15 minutes into the drive when Sunny realized his bladder was getting very full very quickly. After what happened earlier that morning Sunny was afraid his bladder would just give out on him again. He crossed his legs tightly trying to make sure that didn't happen.

Hero pulled into the mall parking lot a little while later. At this point Sunny was starting to feel a little desperate and was bouncing and fidgeting to help keep everything where it was supposed to be.

Once they'd parked Sunny made his way over to a mall map just inside the entrance trying to find the closest bathroom. Hero stood beside him watching him for a moment. Based on the slight bouncing Hero thought he knew what Sunny needed but wanted the younger boy to tell him. "What are you looking for?"

Sunny blushed unable to keep still as he replied. "I really really need the bathroom."

Hero smiled glad that Sunny was finally willing to be honest about it. "I see a sign for one over there. Let's head that way."

The other three caught up a moment later. Kel laughed. "Why are you two in such a hurry?"

Hero smiled, "Sunny really needs the bathroom."

Kel looked over at Sunny surprised for a second before schooling his expression. "Oh ok!"

Aubrey looked at Sunny concerned after what happened earlier that morning. She was surprised he already needed to go again so soon.

Basil looked around for bathroom signs. He saw one and realized they were already headed in the right direction. They finally got to the bathroom a few minutes later only to find out it was closed for cleaning. Sunny fidgeted a little trying to help himself hold it.

Hero frowned, "You still ok Sunny?"

Sunny nodded although holding it was kind of starting to hurt. "Yeah, let's go find another bathroom."

They looked around for about 10 minutes before finding a help desk. Kel ran up to the desk and asked about where the bathroom was. The lady at the desk said the closest one was up one floor on the west side of the mall. Kel thanked her before pointing the group in the direction of the escalators.

Everyone got on the escalator and made their way over to the other bathroom. Once they finally got there Sunny realized there was a long line and he was going to have to wait a little longer.

Hero looked at Sunny concerned. "Can you wait or should we find another bathroom?"

Sunny blushed thighs firmly squeezed together. "I don't know if I'd make it to another bathroom."

Kel frowned at that before tapping the shoulder of the guy ahead of them in line. The guy looked at Kel curiously. "My friend really needs to use the bathroom is there any way he could move up in the line? "

The other guy looked over at Sunny who had just doubled over, hands buried deep in his crotch to help him hold it. The young male was shaking slightly from the exertion of keeping it all back. It didn't take a genius to figure out Sunny was on the verge of wetting himself.

The guy was older and easily the biggest guy in the bathroom. He looked away from Kel to address everyone in the line. "Hey everybody! This kid's gonna wet himself if he can't skip the line. How 'bout we let him go next."

Everyone in line turned to look at Sunny. Everyone ahead of them nodded not wanting Sunny to wet himself.

Sunny's face went bright red as the big guy grabbed his shoulder and pushed him towards the next available urinal.

Sunny tried to tune out the guy peeing just feet ahead of him but couldn't hold back a small spurt that leaked into his underwear. He muffled a small whimper when he heard a toilet flush off to his right. Someone turned on the sink and Sunny thought he was going to lose it when a urinal finally opened up. Sunny ran up to it frantically unbuttoning his pants as he approached. As soon as Sunny was free of his pants a heavy stream splattered against the urinal wall.

Sunny shivered as he was finally able to let go. He was aware almost everyone was looking at him as he emptied his overfilled bladder but was more concerned with the relief of finally being able to go than the looks he was getting. Sunny couldn't remember a time where he'd been that full that fast before. It took a little while for him to finish and he was embarrassed at how loud he was being but it felt really good to finally empty himself. Holding it had gotten painful and he wasn't sure how much longer he could have waited. Sunny finally finished up about a minute later and washed his hands. The big guy from earlier smiled at him as he was walking out of the bathroom. "I've got a kid a little younger than you. Good job making it. Don't wait so long next time."

Sunny's face somehow got even redder. "Thanks. I won't."

Kel smiled and waved at the older man as they exited the bathroom.

Sunny frowned, "I'm not a little kid."

Kel punched Sunny's shoulder, "You're short, have a baby face, and were about to pee yourself in a public bathroom. I don't blame them for thinking you were a kid."

Hero laughed, "Everything is fine now though. You made it and now we can have fun at the mall for a couple of hours!

Aubrey smiled at Sunny, "I want to check out the arcade!"

Kel brightened at this. "There's an arcade?!"

{{4 hours ago, Alex62 said:

Great story!! Glad Sunny has friends who truly care about him.

}}

They're all so sweet! I just love them all so much. Thanks!

*005*2021-10-12 14:08

Kel pumped his fist in the air before nudging Sunny and Basil. "They've gotta have the new Captain Spaceboy game! You know the one with the 3D graphics? Oh it's gonna be so cool!"

Basil laughed and Sunny smiled at Kel's excitement. Hero looked around trying to sort out where the arcade Aubrey mentioned was. The mall was so big you kind of had to rely on help desks and directories.

Aubrey spotted a directory sign and ran up to it.

She sorted out where they were going and took off in the direction of the arcade. Everyone trailing close behind her. Sunny reached out and grabbed Basil's hand. He was a little anxious in crowded places and knew Basil wouldn't mind it. Basil looked at his hand when Sunny grabbed it before giving it a reassuring squeeze.

They all found the arcade soon after that and Hero got everyone some quarters to play games with. They played in the arcade for a couple hours before Sunny started to notice his bladder again. Hero had brought him some water about an hour into their arcade time and it was catching up to him. It wasn't too bad yet but Sunny didn't want to repeat what happened earlier. Kel and Aubrey were in the middle of an air hockey match.

Sunny was with Basil and Hero taking turns playing levels in the new Captain Spaceboy game. Hero looked pretty focused and Sunny didn't want to distract him. Sunny thought he could wait till they ran out of quarters.

Kel ended up losing to Aubrey at air hockey 3 times and they'd finished all the Captain Spaceboy levels before running out of quarters. Sunny found himself fidgeting again before he worked up the nerve to say something. As Sunny opened his mouth to talk though Kel blurted out that they should check out the cafeteria.

Everyone agreed and Sunny found himself walking right passed the bathroom the others too caught up in their conversation to notice his anxiety. Even though it was getting harder to hold Sunny figured he could wait until after lunch or excuse himself after they sat down.

They picked a table to sit at before going off in different restaurants to get their meals. Hero gently grabbed Sunny's shoulder. "What are you hungry for kiddo?"

Sunny blushed a little. "I um I'm still kinda full from breakfast."

Hero frowned biting his lip. "You'll still need to eat something. Let's see."

Hero looked around the cafeteria for someplace healthy that would have something high calorie and nutritious without being too filling. Hero looked at Sunny smiling. "Do you like avocado?"

Sunny nodded in response to the question and Hero brought him over to a Mexican restaurant. He ordered himself some street tacos and got a bowl with chicken, rice, and veggies for Sunny. He also got some chips and guacamole to share. Hero also got Sunny a bottle of milk before they made their way back to the table. They were the first to get back. Hero looked at Sunny. "Do you think you can finish the milk and chicken?"

Sunny nodded before slowly getting started on the food in front of him. He crossed his legs around the time that Basil, Kel and Aubrey got back. Hero noticed this immediately and felt a little irritation that Sunny didn't say something earlier.

Basil set his food on the table last. The blonde was blushing and didn't sit down. This got the groups attention.

Kel swallowed a bite of his pizza before speaking. "What's up Basil?"

Basil shifted noticably uncomfortable. "I kinda need the bathroom."

Kel nodded. The group knew Basil had some bad experiences with public bathrooms in the past and didn't really like going alone. "I don't really need to go but I could go with you if you want."

Basil smiled. "Thanks."

Hero looked at Sunny and nudged him. Sunny blushed but didn't speak up. The older boy looked at Kel pointedly before glancing back at Sunny.

Kel's eyes widened slightly and he gave a subtle nod to Hero. "Sunny do you need to go?"

Sunny nodded feeling a little too embarrassed to answer verbally.

Kel looked up at Basil. "Is it ok if just Sunny goes with you?"

Basil smiled. "That'd be fine."

Sunny stood a little robotic in his movements before walking with Basil to the bathroom. There was still a line but not as bad as the last one. Sunny could tell Basil had been waiting for awhile.

The blonde was tense and his thighs were squeezed tightly together. It made Sunny feel guilty for not saying something about needing to go back at the arcade. After about 10 minutes some urinals finally opened up.

Sunny knew Basil preferred stalls but with the bathroom as busy as it was and with how long Basil had waited he encouraged the blonde to use the free urinal. Basil nodded hesitantly before going to the one closest to the wall. Sunny took the spot next to him so Basil would feel less embarrassed.

Sunny undid himself quickly and started going. Basil took a minute to free himself because his pants had multiple tricky buttons. Sunny felt bad for watching but couldn't seem to look away until he saw Basil was able to go. Basil let out a breath Sunny thought he'd been holding for awhile when he finally started his steam. It took the pair a little while to finish up but they were both noticably more relaxed once they'd finished.

Basil smiled at him while they washed their hands. "Sorry for interrupting lunch. I really needed to go. Thanks for coming with me."

Sunny shook his head as he was drying his hands. "Don't feel bad about it. You can't help when you have to go and what kind of friend would I be if I made you wait? I had to go too so it was really no big deal."

Basil nodded and the two made their way back to the table. Kel smiled at Basil. "Everything come out ok?"

Basil turned bright red and Hero glared at Kel. "Dude!"

Kel laughed at his older brothers response and playfully punched Basil's shoulder. "I'm kidding."

Sunny started on his chips only lightly dipping them in the guacamole. After eating about 4 that way Hero picked up a chip and scooped more guacamole onto it before handing it to Sunny. Sunny sighed but ate a few more chips that way before eating his chicken and finishing his milk.

He was able to get a few bites of everything before he started feeling sick and had to stop. Hero looked happy with what he'd eaten and cleared their tray shortly after. Aubrey had left to use the bathroom shortly after Sunny and Basil and got back around the time Hero was cleaning up.

Once they'd all finished eating Hero looked at the group. "Ready to head back?"

Hero got a few nods and no objections so the group went back to the car ready to go back to the cabin.

*006*2021-10-13 10:30

A few days had passed since the groups trip to the mall. In that time they'd mostly stayed in the cabin occasionally venturing off to to walk around the town, or run quick errands at the store. They mostly stayed in playing board games, watching TV and enjoying Hero's cooking during that time though. Sunny had gained another pound in that timeframe and his bladder had gotten some rest after he'd held it so much.

There was no real reason he'd have to hold it with the bathroom always accessible. Hero had talked to Basil and Kel about Sunny's increased frequency and anxiety around public bathrooms.

They knew he wasn't supposed to hold it very long so they'd subtly been ensuring Sunny always had access to the bathroom whenever he needed it. Sunny was even comfortable going if he really needed to and one of the other boys was in the shower now. Kel normalized that for the group when one morning he knocked while Hero was in the shower.

Hero invited him in like it was no big deal. Kel did it again the next morning with Sunny. Sunny had been embarrassed at the time. Standing behind a shower curtain while someone peed right next to you was weird but it became a normal thing fairly quickly. Five teenagers sharing one bathroom meant some compromises had to happen.

It wasn't that much weirder than peeing at a urinal. After Sunny had partially peed himself outside the bathroom door while Aubrey was showering Aubrey switched to showering at night solving the problem of waking up desperate without being able to go.

They'd all just finished breakfast and Sunny had finished his smoothie and a glass of water when Kel whined out, "I'm bored.." to no one in particular.

Hero looked up from the medical book he was reading and sighed. "You want to do something today?"

Kel sat up quickly. "We haven't been to the beach yet."

Hero thought about it. He'd have to pack a lunch for everyone but it sounded like a good idea. Basil perked up at this. "That's a good idea. We should go."

Aubrey sat up on the couch next and looked at Hero expectantly. "What are we waiting for?"

Hero grinned. "Sounds like it's decided. Give me a few minutes to pack some picnic stuff."

Kel let out an excited, "Yeah!" much to the groups amusement.

Sunny didn't know how he had so much energy first thing in the morning. Finishing the smoothie and water Hero gave him was all Sunny could manage in the first few hours after waking.

About 20 minutes later everyone was all ready to head to the beach. Aubrey, Kel and Hero were wearing swim suits and the car was packed with towels sun screen an umbrella and a picnic lunch thanks to Hero. Basil and Sunny couldn't swim so they stayed ended up wearing tank tops and shorts. Basil happened to have a cute sun hat with a flower on it he brought too.

Kel drug Sunny out to the car while Hero waited for Basil to use the bathroom before they headed out.

Sunny thought about going too but didn't really need to pee yet and figured there would be a place at the beach he could use if he needed. Hero locked the cabin a moment later and everyone piled into the car. Sunny sat between Basil and Kel this time because Basil got in last.

The trip to the beach took about 20 minutes. The beach was visible from the cabin but there were only a handful of public access points so they had to drive a little to get access.

Kel was smearing sunscreen onto Sunny and Basil in the back seat paying extra attention to Sunny. The pale boy burned like no one he'd ever seen before. Basil at least gardened outside and had enough sense to bring a sun hat. Basil laughed as Sunny squirmed away from Kel as the older boy tried to apply a second coat.

Sunny grimaced. "I don't like it on my face."

Kel lifted a brow and continued ignoring the younger boy's protesting. "If I don't put it on your face you're really not gonna like the sunburn you get Mr. Stays Inside All Day."

Hero looked at Kel through the rearview and stifled a laugh. Hero remembered the sunburn Sunny got last time they went to the beach. It was painful to look at. The boy definitely needed sunscreen.

Once Kel was done with the sun screen he handed the bottle to Aubrey who applied some before they parked.

Sunny realized once they'd all settled on the beach that the water and smoothie he'd had for breakfast was becoming a barely noticeable twinge in his bladder. He hadn't seen any bathroom signs which made him a little anxious. He figured they'd only be here a few hours though and Sunny was used to holding it. He'd make it through a day of college classes all the time without using the bathroom. This was no different. Basil would need to go too at some point.

Just as he was thinking that Hero reached into the picnic basket and pulled out two water bottles. He handed one to Basil and one to Sunny. Basil took his with a small thanks and drank about half of the bottle before closing it again.

Sunny felt stressed about it but opened his. He took a small sip before recapping it. He was thirsty but they would be here awhile and Sunny wasn't sure how long he could hold what he already had. Hero frowned at him and picked up the bottle uncapping it again and handing it back to Sunny who reluctantly took a few more sips until Hero's expression lightened.

Hero put a hand on Sunny's shoulder. "It's hot out. Drink if you're thirsty. It's ok to need the bathroom. Let me know when you do and we'll find one ok?"

Sunny nodded feeling slightly embarrassed. Hero could read him so well sometimes it was a little creepy.

Hero smiled at him. "Kel, Aubrey and I are gonna swim. If you or Basil need anything just wave and I'll come over ok?"

Sunny nodded again and Hero took off to join Kel and Aubrey in the water. Basil and Sunny sat on the picnic blanket and occasionally Basil would bring out his camera to snap a photo of his friends. Basil and Sunny ended up looking for sea shells a while later and collected a few sand dollars.

It was about 2 hours later that Sunny really started to notice his bladder. Basil and him were sitting on the picnic blanket sorting through the shells they'd collected. Basil grabbed another water bottle from the picnic basket and drank it all quickly. The blonde wiped the sweat off his forehead before grinning at Sunny. "We found some really cool ones."

Sunny nodded smiling back before going back to sorting the shells. He knew Hero told him to wave if he needed something but he felt embarrassed. He was used to holding it like this at school so it would be fine.

Sunny figured he could wait til after lunch but he was thirsty too and Hero wouldn't like that he hadn't drank anything since Hero forced him to. Sunny pressed his thighs together and tried to ignore the growing pressure in his bladder giving his full attention back to Basil.

Awhile later Kel, Aubrey and Hero got out of the water and joined Sunny and Basil on the picnic blanket. Aubrey's teeth chattered. It was a little windy out and even though it was warm out the water was still a bit chilly. Hero got her a towel which she appreciated. Her shivering slowed after she dried off and sat on the picnic blanket.

Hero handed her and Kel a water bottle which they both finished quickly before grabbing one for himself that he finished. He looked at the half finished water beside Sunny and frowned. "You never finished your water bottle?"

Sunny bit his lip and picked up the bottle uncapping it and drinking it so Hero would see. Hero frowned and grabbed Sunny another bottle. "You'll get sick if you don't drink enough in this heat Sunny. At least one bottle every 2 hours."

Hero ruffled Sunny's hair. "You're making me worry. You have to drink when you're thirsty ok? You'll start getting dizzy again if you don't."

Hero looked at Basil. "How much water have you had?"

Basil felt a little weird being dragged into it but responded anyway. "I just finished my third bottle."

Hero grinned at this before looking at Sunny. "Finish that bottle ok? I know you need it."

Sunny uncapped the bottle and drank about half squeezing his thighs together as he did. He was going to feel that soon and he knew it. It was already hard to hold.

Hero had taken to pulling out lunch. There were sandwiches and melon slices. Sunny bit into his sandwich. It was really good. It had turkey and avocado and some other things Sunny couldn't identify. It was hard to enjoy when all he could think about was his bladder though.

Basil stopped after about three bites. He looked nervous and couldn't quite stay still. He looked at Hero quickly getting the older male's attention.

Sunny noticed his posture was stiff and his thighs were pressed together like his.

Hero looked at Basil. "What's up?"

Basil bit his lip. "I thought I could wait till after lunch but I really need the bathroom."

Hero's eyes widened a little and he put his and Basil's sandwich back in the picnic basket. Hero looked at Sunny for a second before taking his sandwich too. He looked at Kel and Aubrey. "We're gonna go find a bathroom. Go ahead and keep eating. We'll be back soon."

Kel nodded and Hero made his way back to the car. Hero and Sunny followed as quickly as they could. There was no bathroom on the beach so they'd have to drive into town for one. Hero started the car and turned into traffic.

Sunny saw Basil discreetly holding himself and felt bad again for not speaking up sooner. He was on the verge of doing the same but it somehow bothered him more that Basil had waited that long. Even though it made him feel bad Basil blushing and holding himself while wearing his flower sunhat was kind of cute. Basil was always cute but something about his embarrassment made him cuter.

Hero frowned glancing at different businesses looking for one that might let them use the bathroom. They'd driven around for about ten minutes when Basil let out a quiet whimper getting Hero's attention. The older boy pulled over soon after that and opened Basil's door.

He looked the boy over. By this point Basil was holding himself openly. Hero unbuckled the younger male and looked at the nearby businesses anxiously. He frowned. Most had bathrooms not open to the public signs. Sunny got out soon after and stood by Basil. He was tempted to cross his legs but didn't want to distract Hero from Basil who looked like he was going to wet himself if he didn't find something soon.

Hero told them to stay put while he talked to store owners. Sunny nodded. Basil was bent over at the waist and Sunny put a comforting hand on his friend's back.

Hero came back a minute later clearly distressed. "No luck. I hate places like this."

Basil's eyes widened and tears filled his eyes. "I can't wait though."

Hero frowned grabbing Basil by the arm and steering him towards one business where the girl at the counter had at least had the decency to look guilty about turning him down. Sunny followed them and Hero opened the door and gave her a pleading look. "My friend is literally going to wet himself if we can't use your bathroom."

The girl bit her lip seeing the state the blonde boy was in. She looked in the back office where her manager was sitting and grimaced. "My manager would fire me. I'm really really sorry. I just..."

Hero sighed. "I don't think you heard me. He's going to pee on the floor."

Basil was absolutely mortified and Sunny watched the interaction surprised at Hero's behavior.

The girl frowned. "Let me go get her."

An older woman came to the counter a minute later looking angry. "I want you three out of my store."

Hero frowned and rubbed Basil's back trying to comfort the clearly desperate male. "We're leaving but your policy is cruel."

Hero opened the door and ushered Basil back out. They had almost made it to the car when Basil stopped suddenly. The boy gasped quietly and both Sunny and Hero felt their hearts drop.

A distinct but quiet hissing sound came from Basil's direction before Basil let out a quiet distressed whimper. Basil's shorts darkened and the sound of liquid hitting concrete made what was happening obvious. Sunny crossed his legs struggling to contain his overfull bladder with the sound of Basil losing control just inches from him. Hero's eyes widened and he looked up and down the street thankfully finding no one before rubbing Basil's back comfortingly.

Basil sank to his knees as he wet completely mortified that his body had just given out on him like that. He hadn't even waited that long. His breathing was coming quickly and erratically. It took a minute before he was finally done but the blonde didn't stand when he was.

A large puddle spanned out around him which Hero and Sunny stepped away from. Sunny couldn't help but fidget in place trying to keep his bladder contained.

Hero looked at Sunny before looking at Basil completely at a loss for what to do.

Basil's breathing started coming quicker and Hero stooped down to look at the distressed male's face.

Basil was clearly panicking. Hero's big brother instincts took over and he stepped closer to Basil and placed a grounding hand on the younger male's shoulder. "Hey, hey, hey... Basil.. look at me. You've gotta breathe for me."

Hero inhaled and exhaled at a slower pace giving Basil something to imitate. Hero's eyes occasionally flickered to Sunny knowing he needed to go almost as bad as Basil a few moments ago. Sunny saw that Basil was panicking and he made his way over to Basil crouching on his other side.

Sunny blushed and put his hand on Basil's other shoulder.

Basil looked confused for a moment but his breathing slowed a little at Sunny's touch.

Sunny looked up and down the street. Finding no one he grimaced and sighed. He didn't speak and looked away from Sunny and Hero. A familiar quiet hissing sound filled the air before a loud splattering sound occurred as Sunny emptied his bladder into his shorts and onto the concrete right beside Basil and Hero.

Hero's mouth dropped open in shock and Basil's eyes widened. The blonde's breathing evened utterly confused at Sunny's actions.

Sunny breathed a sigh of relief. It took him a few moments to finish and the entire time he was blushing and looking anywhere and everywhere except at Hero and Basil but once he finished he looked at Basil. "Not your fault ok?"

Basil nodded numbly and Hero snorted trying and failing to suppress a laugh. Sunny started laughing too and after the shock wore off some so did Basil.

Sunny stood up and offered a hand to Basil. "That lady was a bitch."

Basil grinned and took Sunny's hand. "Yeah."

Hero snorted and stood soon after Basil. He stepped away from the puddle the two younger male's had made and shook the urine off the bottom of his sandals before grabbing his keys from his pocket.

He unlocked the trunk and grabbed two towels handing them to Sunny and Basil. "Put these on the seat and get in. I'm gonna drop you two at the cabin to get cleaned up."

Sunny grinned at Basil and got into the back seat of the car. Basil followed suit and Hero got into the driver seat. After starting the engine Hero looked at Hero and Sunny in the rearview mirror. "You guys ok?"

Basil and Sunny blushed but after a moment both nodded.

Hero smiled at the two and turned on his blinker he was still little shocked at everything that had happened but glad that Sunny and Basil were ok.

*010*2021-10-15 10:16

{{On 10/13/2021 at 9:35 PM, Bobman23 said:

I’m guessing the other characters, not just Sunny, will have some desperation/setting based on the newest update, correct?

}}

Probably Sunny and Basil will be my big wetters but Kel and Hero will probably have some desperation. Kel will most likely do some peeing in unconventional places. Hero's usually pretty in control but I do plan to trip him up. I could write something for Aubrey but I haven't written much female omo but if it's something you wanted to see it'd be pretty easy to put her in a predicament.

*011*2021-10-15 10:21

{{On 10/13/2021 at 7:56 AM, Spectator9 said:

Although holding rather than wetting is my thing, there's a lot of that here, too. Guys this age often think they can hold longer than they really can, so they have lots of drinks and expect that they can wait until a toilet magically appears.

}}

Sometimes no magical toilet appears and if they aren't careful they accidentally use their pants. You can only hold so long.

*013*2021-10-20 01:13

Kel looked at Aubrey after they'd finished their sandwiches a little confused. "They're kind of taking a while huh?"

Aubrey nodded at Kel. She'd been thinking the same thing. "I kinda wish I'd gone with them. I figured we'd be heading back to the cabin by now."

Kel looked at Aubrey. "You didn't just pee in the water?"

Aubrey bristled at Kel's statement. "Ew.. What? Gross."

Kel snorted, laughing a little at Aubrey's statement. "Well I did, I'm pretty sure Hero did too."

Aubrey closed her eyes and took a deep breath. "I was swimming right next to you dumbasses."

Kel grinned. "And?"

Aubrey took a handful of sand and threw it at Kel's face. "You guys fucking splashed me!"

Kel coughed and tried to wipe the sand off his face. "Dammit! Aubrey now I've got sand in my mouth."

Aubrey huffed with a small frown. "Can you text Hero? I left my phone in the car. I need to know when he's gonna be back."

Kel wiped his tongue on a napkin Hero had packed before coughing a few more times. "Alright fine but no more sand throwing."

Aubrey sighed and fanned her legs a little. It was embarrassing enough she had to pee and Kel knew it. She didn't want to hold it in front of him. "No more sand just hurry up and text your brother."

Kel typed a quick text to Hero and waited. His phone pinged a couple minutes later. Kel read the text.

"Hey yeah um, we ran into a little problem. We sort of couldn't find a bathroom and Basil and Sunny got caught short. I'll be back to pick you to up once Basil and Sunny get cleaned up. Don't kill each other while I'm gone."

Kel's eyes widened at the text. Aubrey peered over his shoulder. "Well shit."

Kel looked at Aubrey. "Why do you only swear like that around me?"

Aubrey snorted, "Basil is too fragile for it. Have you ever sworn around him? He pretends like he doesn't mind it but the poor thing flinches when I do it. Hero gets mad when I do it and I don't want to corrupt Sunny."

Kel shrugged. "I guess that makes sense. You read Hero's text?"

Aubrey nodded. "Yeah, he better hurry though because I'm gonna get caught short too if he doesn't."

Kel found himself blushing not used to girls talking about stuff like that. "I'll tell him to hurry up."

Aubrey let out a small growl. "This sucks."

Kel texted Hero that Aubrey needed to pee. His phone pinged again.

"Oh! Um ok. It'll be a little bit. Can she wait?"

Kel sighed looking at Aubrey discreetly. She was squeezing her thighs together like she really had to go. He sent a reply. "Yeah umm... maybe hurry?"

Hero looked up from his phone at Sunny. Basil was showering. "I have to go pick up Aubrey and Kel. Will you guys be alright 'til I get back?"

Sunny nodded and Hero grabbed the keys. Shooting Kel a quick."Be right there" text.

Kel looked up at Aubrey again. She was holding herself openly now clearly frustrated. "Hey, you should really just go in the water. Hero's going to be a bit. Can you hold it for 40 minutes?"

Aubrey blushed feeling mortified. "Yeah.. I mean.. I'm fine.. I'm not peeing in the water like you. That's gross."

Kel shrugged before laying back on the picnic blanket. "It's right there if you change your mind."

Aubrey and Kel sat in silence that way for a little while. Aubrey focused on containing her bladder and Kel focused on relaxing.

Aubrey's eyes would occasionally flicker to the water. She was having a hard time resisting the urge to just go in the water like Kel. It was taunting her. She refused to stoop to Kel's level though. It was starting to hurt a little when Hero finally showed up.

Aubrey sighed standing. "Thank God you're here Hero."

Hero laughed and helped Kel pack up their things. "Kel told me you really need the bathroom?"

Aubrey blushed a little. She was squirming as discreetly as she could manage in her bathing suit. "Yeah, I think I can make it back to the cabin though."

Hero nodded, watching her closely as they walked back to the car. He was hoping he could get Aubrey back before he saw a third accident today.

Aubrey got in the passenger seat and put her legs up on the dash.

Hero and Kel got in a moment later. Hero sighed seeing how Aubrey was sitting. "If we got in a wreck the airbag would break your legs. Put them down."

Aubrey let out a frustrated groan. "Fine just hurry up and drive. I can't wait forever."

Hero turned the key, watching Aubrey half worried half amused. Her legs were crossed and she was bouncing her leg impatiently.

He pulled into traffic and Kel stuck his head between the two with a mischievous grin. "Whatever you don't think about waterfalls, or water, or fountains.."

Aubrey turned around in her seat instantly absolutely livid. "I will kick your ass so hard!"

Hero sighed. "Kel! Not the time! Aubrey no fighting!"

Kel thumped his back against the back of his seat and crossed his arms pouting. "You're no fun Hero."

Aubrey settled and held herself her urge suddenly seeming more urgent.

Hero looked at Aubrey his amusement from earlier quickly being overtaken by concern. He didn't want to risk what happened earlier with Sunny and Basil so he still planned on going back to the cabin but he was starting to doubt that Aubrey could wait. "How are you holding up?"

Aubrey sighed feeling a slight dampness on her hands. Her voice shook a little as she spoke. "I uh... how far now?"

Hero looked at the road signs for a moment. "About five minutes. I can pull over if you can't wait."

Aubrey shook her head. She had been blushing most of the ride from embarrassment but that feeling was starting to morph into fear. "I think I'll be ok. Just hurry."

Hero nodded silently and sped the car up as much as he felt he could get away with hoping he wouldn't get pulled over.

It took a little while longer but soon they pulled up to the cabin. As soon as Hero parked Aubrey eased herself out of the car afraid of what may happen if she moved to suddenly.

Hero watched this uneasily before getting out of the car to unlock the door. Aubrey got up the steps before him and was standing rigid when he finally got up. He was looking through his key ring when Aubrey let out a quiet whine.

Her breath hitched and Hero froze. He looked over at her and saw her face and immediately knew what was happening. He could hear a trickling and see the glinting light off the rivulets of urine streaming down her bare legs. As it fell between the slats in the wooden deck it made a dense and loud splattering sound as it hit the gravel below which caused tears to fill her eyes.

Hero was stunned. Kel actually had the decency to look away but Hero couldn't help but look horrified at what was happening to his friend.

It took a minute for Aubrey to finish. The wet feeling and sound filling her with a sense of dread before came to an end. The three stood in silence for a minute unsure of what to say before Kel broke the silence. "Hey.. uh.. I bet you feel better now though right?"

Aubrey grit her teeth before looking to Hero. Her voice wavered slightly clearly upset about what had just occurred. "I wanna get cleaned up. Could you let me in?"

Hero took a moment to respond still reeling a little. He was used to Sunny and Basil having issues like this but it was odd to see tough, independent Aubrey like that. She was rarely shy about things she needed.

Hero couldn't remember the last time she'd even come close to what had happened a moment ago. He blinked a few times before finding the right key and opening the door. "Hey, it's alright. It could've happened to anybody ok? We're all friends here no one's gonna make fun of you for this."

Aubrey sighed. "I've just gotta get cleaned up. Could you grab my stuff from the car and put it on the couch for me?"

Hero nodded. "Of course."

Aubrey stepped inside. Her sneakers squeaked a little on the wooden floor as she made her way to the bathroom to clean up.

*015*2021-10-21 05:12

{{On 10/15/2021 at 6:14 PM, Bobman23 said:

You see my friend

You are the one of the few people who do Omori Omorashi and I WANT EVERY BIT OF IT! But seriously I would like to see the entire cast but hey it’s your fic, do what you what ya want!

}}

Got an Aubrey chapter for you :)

*019*2021-11-08 21:52

Hero and Kel followed Aubrey back inside and watched as she made her way towards the shower. They didn't see Sunny and Basil in the living room which probably meant they were in their room.

Hero knocked on their bedroom door and Basil came out shortly after. He looked sheepish.

Hero smiled at him. "We never did finish lunch. The picnic food probably isn't the best now but you guys still need to eat something. How 'bout you guys come out here and I can make us something to eat."

Basil nodded silently and looked over at Sunny who was asleep on the bed. He opened the door a little further to show Hero Sunny.

Hero sighed. He didn't want to wake him but Sunny really couldn't be skipping meals. "Tell you what, I'll only wake him up once lunch is ready."

Basil nodded and stepped into the living room quietly closing the door behind him. He sat on the couch and looked at Hero expectantly, before noticing the shower running. Basil frowned. "Is Aubrey showering?"

Hero nodded. "She might've needed the bathroom pretty bad too."

Basil opened his mouth ready to speak but closed it a moment later. He knew better than to bring it up when Aubrey might overhear. He could guess what Hero was implying.

Hero grabbed a few ingredients from the fridge and worked on making up a quick lunch for the three. "I'm thinking chicken avocado wraps. That sound good?"

Basil nodded. Kel sat on the couch beside him and flicked on the TV. He clicked through the channels before sighing. "There's nothing on."

Basil took his phone and pulled up a funny YouTube video before handing it to Kel. Kel snorted before queueing up another video.

Aubrey came out of the shower a little while later and went up to her loft. She didn't say anything preferring to chill alone for a bit.

Once Hero prepped lunch he knocked on Sunny's door before opening it. Sunny had bed head and was looking up at Hero with a half dazed expression.

Hero motioned for Sunny to get up and the younger boy groaned. "Come on. You know you can't skip lunch."

Sunny kicked his feet over the edge of the bed before following Hero into the living room. He sat at the small table and Hero brought him his lunch. He didn't feel hungry. Basil joined him and Hero sat down last. He pushed a glass of milk towards Sunny.

Sunny wanted to protest but knew it would be futile. He took a few sips of the milk before biting into the chicken wrap. It was really good but Sunny didn't know whether he could finish it all.

Basil took a few bites of his before turning to Hero. "Thanks for cooking again."

Hero smiled at Basil before ruffling his hair. "Anytime. You know I love seeing you guys enjoy my food."

Basil smiled and finished off the last bite of his lunch. He looked at Sunny. He'd taken a few bites and managed to finish his milk, but he'd slowed down.

Sunny looked back at Basil and gave him a half smile. "I'll be right back. I need to go to the bathroom real quick."

Basil nodded and Hero watched him walk to the bathroom. It worried Hero a little that he couldn't wait til he was done eating but he was hardly going to bother Sunny about it. More than anything, Hero was glad that Sunny wasn't trying to hide when he needed the bathroom anymore.

Sunny closed the door to the bathroom and quickly made his way over to the toilet. He wasn't sure why he had to go so badly all of the sudden. He thought he could wait after he woke up from his nap but halfway through lunch he found out he couldn't.

He'd had this happen in the past due to anxiety. Maybe he was stressing over eating? Sunny started his stream and felt instant relief. He looked at it a little curious. His pee looked clear. Maybe it was all the water Hero had him drinking? He put himself back once he's finished up and washed his hands before heading back to finish his food.

Hero smiled at him when he sat back down. Basil and Hero's plates had been cleared. Basil was in the other room cleaning up a bit.

Hero watched as Sunny slowly worked on taking a few more bites. He wanted to see him finish it. "Can I check you over again after lunch?"

Sunny nodded. His mouth was full so it was the only way he could respond politely. He finished his wrap a little later and followed Hero into the bedroom.

Hero got out his doctor stuff and got ready to check Sunny. He started with weight and blood pressure. Sunny had put on another half pound and his blood pressure was significantly less worrying. Hero smiled a little glad to see Sunny was still progressing as he expected before working on putting his stuff away.

By the time they were done with everything it was getting close to 4 PM. When they came out of the bedroom Aubrey was on the couch holding a big bottle of vodka. She was smiling clearly happy about it. Between the three of them they'd clearly already each had at least a shot. Basil and Kel had cups and were smiling. Hero sighed. "It's not good to drink before your 21."

Aubrey scoffed and rolled her eyes. "Of course Mr. Responsible would say that. Come on Hero, live a little. You're wound so tight you're gonna snap. Have a drink with us. Kel's had two already."

Hero frowned, his big brother and doctor instincts kicking in again. Before he could open his mouth to protest though Sunny had grabbed a glass and held it out to Aubrey. She poured him a bit and Sunny proceeded to down the whole thing before holding the glass out to her again.

Aubrey laughed and poured him another shot. "Take it slow Sunny. You're a lightweight remember?"

Sunny blushed a little at her comment but sat down beside Basil with his drink. Aubrey looked at Hero soon after and shook the bottle. "Come on Hero, drop the goodie two shoes act. Kel told me you used to underage drink all the time."

Hero glared at Kel and Kel snorted shrugging his shoulders. "You told me not to tell mom and dad you were sneaking their drinks, not Aubrey."

Kel took a swig from his cup. "Come on bro, live a little."

Hero sighed and pinched the bridge of his nose feeling a headache coming on. "How long have you guys been drinking like this?"

Kel laughed. "Aubrey started at 12, Basil had his first drink at 17, Sunny had his at 16, and I had mine at 18."

Kel grabbed a cup off the table beside the couch and held it out to Hero with a small grin. "You started at 16 like Sunny. This one is for you. I know you like coke as a mixer."

Hero looked at the four in front of him and frowned. His eyes skipped to Aubrey. "Did you really start at 12?"

Aubrey shrugged and shook her cup a bit. "It's not like it's a hard drug or anything right? In other countries it's no big deal to have a few drinks at 12."

Aubrey tilted her head back and downed her drink with a small grimace. She looked at Basil, Sunny, and Kel before glancing back at Hero. Aubrey shook the bottle again. It was still mostly full. "Join us. We'll be just fine and if anyone bothers us about it we'll just say you didn't know we were underage. Honestly if you don't have some we'll probably finish off this bottle all alone."

Hero frowned but held out his cup to Aubrey. "This is all you've got right?"

Aubrey shrugged her shoulders and gave Hero a wink before adding what was probably another shot to his drink. "That's my little secret."

Hero sighed at her response before taking a few deep gulps from his cup. He sat at the table as the couch was pretty crowded at this point. He still felt weird seeing everyone drinking like this but Kel was right. He did underage drink and who was he to talk. As long as someone responsible was around everything would be fine.

They sat and drank for a little while after that making progressively dumber and dumber comments. Hero knew Aubrey was pushing more drinks on him then anyone else and somehow after the fourth shot he felt more guilty about drinking the soda than the vodka.

He noticed Sunny was slurring his words a little and he had a pink tinge dusted over his cheeks. Aubrey and Kel barely seemed drunk and Basil seemed a little buzzed.

Kel nudged Aubrey with a mischievous grin and motioned towards the door. "I know we can't drive now but what do you think of walking down town to get donuts. That shop we saw earlier said 24 hours."

Aubrey's face lit up. "Dude now we have to."

Hero frowned at the two not particularly liking the idea of going outside drunk with his underage friends. "Maybe that's not such a good idea."

Kel snorted and grabbed the vodka bottle from Aubrey and poured Hero what must have been another 3 shots. "You, my dear brother just aren't drunk enough to see how much of a good idea getting donuts is."

Hero gave a huff. "You'd better have more soda because this is just gonna taste like vodka now."

Kel laughed handing Aubrey back the vodka bottle. He grabbed the cola from the kitchen and filled up the rest of Hero's cup. Hero sighed. "I'm gonna have such a hangover."

Kel gave a little snort before pouring everyone a little more to drink. After Hero finished his drink he started to realize it had been awhile since he'd last used the bathroom. He pressed his thighs together a little before Kel tugged at his shirt. "Bro! Donutssss...."

Hero rolled his eyes before getting to his feet. He eyed Sunny who looked a little out of it worriedly. Aubrey and Basil had already made it out the front door. Sunny stood carefully too and Hero made certain to stay close to him as they made their way down the porch steps.

Aubrey and Kel were leading the way. Sunny, Hero, and Basil were following close behind. Hero was on Sunny's right and Basil on his left. They wandered around for quite awhile when Hero started to notice his urge was becoming less manageable.

He knew better than to leave without using the bathroom first. He was pretty drunk at this point though. Hero thought about the handful of times he'd been in this situation before and bit his lip.

Hero let out a small sigh of relief when he made out the donut shop in the distance. He could go there and everything would be ok. He always had to pee like this when he was drinking.

Sunny put a hand on his shoulder and Hero jumped a little. "Do you need to go too?"

Hero felt himself blush but he nodded. Was he really being that obvious? He never had been good at hiding when he had to go. It was just embarrassing and now he'd have to wait for Sunny. Hero could tell Sunny was focusing pretty hard to not slur that last sentence. Hero wasn't sure he could talk straight right now if he tried.

Kel looked back at Sunny and his brother and sighed. The two of them were clearly tense and Kel had seen his brother drunk enough times to figure out why. "Hey Aubrey, why don't you order us donuts and I need to check on Hero."

Hero felt his face heat up at Kel's comment. He was supposed to be the adult here. Kel wasn't supposed to be the mature one. Basil looked at Sunny worriedly knowing he hadn't gone back at the house.

Hero jumped a little when Kel wrapped an arm around his side and Kel let out a little laugh. "Hey, no worries ok? We're almost there."

Hero nodded not quite sure how to respond verbally without coming across even dumber.

Hero noticed Basil had taken Sunny's hand and they were making their way into the donut shop. Aubrey had gone up to the counter to order. Kel let go of Hero when he saw Basil struggling with the bathroom door.

Hero realized when Kel let go that he might be drunker than he thought. Balancing was a bit more difficult. He found himself leaning up against a wall watching his brother curiously. He relaxed for a minute before tensing realizing why he'd been so anxious before as he leaked a little pee into his underwear. He "discreetly" crossed his legs his face getting even warmer as he suddenly felt a little embarrassed.

Kel's face fell and he turned to look at Aubrey. Aubrey noticed Basil and Kel still standing outside the bathroom and turned to the guy getting them donuts. "Hey, um by any chance could you unlock the bathroom for us. Two of my friends really need to go."

The guy behind the counter sighed. "I wish you guys had gotten here before eight. My manager is really strict about closing the bathroom after 8. If we don't we end up with people hanging around all night. I'm really sorry."

Aubrey bristled a little at this but sighed. "That's really annoying but I think my friends can probably wait til we get home."

Aubrey looked over at Sunny worriedly. Basil gave her a reassuring smile back after grabbing Sunny's hand. Aubrey picked up the bag of donuts and motioned for Kel to leave.

Hero felt nervous and Kel's eyes flickered to his older brother. He quickly made his way over and gently steered him out of the shop after Sunny and Basil had exited. Hero bit his lip and couldn't help but hold himself at this point trying to keep it all in.

Kel helped keep him steady going down the steps and he tried his best not to draw extra attention to his brother.

Walking wasn't exactly helping Hero's situation but he knew he had to keep holding it. Hero hadn't peed himself in front of anyone but Kel since he was 5. He always struggled when he drank a lot and a toilet wasn't nearby. On one occasion he remembered Kel catching him with a wet bed after a night of drinking but not making it tonight would be a new low.

Kel had an arm around Hero helping to keep him steady. He saw Hero holding himself and couldn't help but worry. He glanced ahead and Sunny didn't look much better off.

Kel was tempted to drag them both into an alley nearby for some relief but he knew Basil and Aubrey wouldn't like the idea. Hero would probably just try and hold it anyway while Sunny went and Kel couldn't do that to him. If Sunny weren't drunk he probably wouldn't go in an alley either. Kel knew from experience he was willing to go in less than ideal places in a pinch when intoxicated though. Kel rubbed Hero's back comfortingly. "We're almost there. Are you doing ok?"

Hero blushed and held himself a bit tighter pressing his thighs together firmly. He was embarrassed but he didn't want to lie to his younger brother. He ended up quietly slurring out. "It kinda huuurtsss."

Kel sighed looking at Sunny again. Hopefully the youngest boy would hurry so Hero could go quickly too. "Hey, why don't we go behind the cabin? I don't think it'd be good for you to try and wait for Sunny to finish. I'm a little worried."

Hero bit his lip and rubbed his thighs together firmly but shook his head. He didn't know if he could hold it but he didn't want someone to see him going outside.

Kel frowned at Hero's response. Aubrey had unlocked the cabin door at this point and Basil quickly led Sunny inside. Kel looked at Hero seriously. "The last time I saw you like this you didn't make it. You need to go now. You're going to hurt yourself."

Hero frowned noting the emphasis his younger brother put on the word now. He felt some pee leak and felt wetness against his hand and shook his head. "I can hold it."

Kel sighed and tried to drag his brother behind the cabin only to be met with resistance. Hero let out a quiet whine now using both hands to try and maintain what little control he had left.

Kel let out an a sigh. "You wouldn't have me hold it if I was like this. Come on Hero. You're already wet."

Hero frowned. Basil had stepped out on the porch and was watching some of the interaction. "Sunny's almost done. Kel let's get Hero inside."

Kel put an arm around Hero and helped him slowly up the steps. He sighed seeing the wetness on his brother's pants spread. As Hero went to walk inside Kel grabbed his collar. Hero let out a quiet whimper and crossed his legs.

Kel sighed. "Hero, you're wetting yourself."

Kel made out the sound of a toilet flush from inside but knew even if the bathroom was free that Hero going inside would only lead to a mess. His brother was shaking with the effort of keeping it in and Kel saw he was actively leaking. "Hero let go. You're hurting yourself."

Hero felt a lump in his throat and what little control he had over his bladder gave out. Kel rubbed his back and he sank to his knees absolutely mortified at the quiet hiss and wet sound his accident made as it fell through the slats in the porch.

Kel didn't say anything for a few moments. He was a little relieved Hero finally gave in however. Whether it was his body giving out or his mind Kel wasn't sure but either way he was glad Hero was finally getting some relief. Kel found himself blushing after he realized just how much Hero must have been holding. He hadn't seen him go since right after they got back from the beach. His stream didn't slow for quite some time.

Basil had gone inside to give Hero some privacy. Everyone inside knew what was happening though. Kel stooped down to look at Hero as he finished his wet. "Do you feel better?"

Hero blushed even harder but gave an embarrassed nod.

Kel offered a hand to him. "You'd better get cleaned up ok? Don't worry no one can blame you for that. You just waited too long and we gave you a few too many drinks."

Hero gave another nod and Hero helped him get to the now vacant bathroom. Sunny looked guilty when he saw Hero had an accident but couldn't really say anything.

Kel got Hero a clean outfit and set it on the bathroom counter for him. "Do you think you'll be ok in the shower?"

Hero nodded thankful that he was. Kel looked at him intently. "Call me if you need anything ok?"

Hero nodded again before quietly closing the bathroom door. Aubrey, Basil, and Sunny had donuts when he turned around. Kel got his shortly after. They ate in silence. Everyone accept Kel was left trying to process Hero's accident.

*020*2021-11-09 02:56

{{On 10/21/2021 at 7:31 PM, Cadezzer said:

@MangaKitten

Loving the story so far! Super cute and sweet! Hero is always in control, but it would be nice to see that change sometime (in more ways than one )

}}

Hero might've had some trouble this time...

