The Student Teacher

Author: espikiki

*000*2025-04-06 21:07

A/N: This was specially requested by my friend who was looking for a wlw student/teacher type of relationship. This is hella gay and descriptive and includes a sex scene afterwards if you're into that. It's a longer one, about 9000 words. Hope you enjoy

Agapoula mou: My little love

Moro mou: My baby

Kardoula mou: My little heart

“Good morning, Steve.” Mrs. Dimitriou nodded curtly, walking into the room holding two large coffee cups.

Stevie snorted at the feigned formality the older woman presented with, along with the shortened version of her name, making it sound like she was talking to one of her male coworkers- probably one of the ones that could never even be subtle about ogling her cleavage- and not her favorite “little miss student teacher”. Stevie had been working alongside Mrs. Dimitriou for the past nine months, and in that time they had grown quite comfortable with one another, forming an unspoken routine.

Mrs. Dimitriou would enter the classroom carrying two cups of coffee and throw out a good morning greeting, that could range anywhere from “Good morning, hun, how are you feeling?” to “What up, cunt, you get my text?” Stevie liked to try to predict the vibe of the greeting each day, but seldom got it right, Mrs. Dimitriou was truly unpredictable in that regard. Then, she would bend down at the small desk where Stevie worked and place the cup of coffee in front of her, filling her nose with the enticing scent of a fresh latte, and her eyes with the enticing view of her full breasts. 

Okay, so maybe Stevie wasn’t much better than their male coworkers, but Mrs. Dimitriou hardly seemed to mind when she was the one to do it. After that, she would walk over to her desk, high heels clacking along the way, and plop down in her leather chair, sighing as she sunk into the deep cushions. When she was finished making herself comfortable, she would then turn towards Stevie, tapping her clean trimmed french manicure on her desk, and say “So, what do you got for me, kid?”

It was a steady routine, the familiarity of it made Stevie feel safe, and today was like no other. So, like always, she took a sip from her still hot latte and sounded off the day’s plan.

“Okay, so today we have Block 1 Freshman English where I’ll be leading the socratic seminar, then we have our work period during Block 2, except today there’s that workshop you wanted to attend that they’re holding in the library, then lunch, followed by Block 3 Sophomore Honors English- they’re doing their presentations on their research topics, and finally we have the seniors for Block 4 AP Lit, but since they’re already all checked out since they finished their AP Exams and are going to be graduating in a few weeks, I was thinking today would be a good day to take them outside and let them just have a free period- it’s Friday anyways and I think they’ve earned it.”

Mrs. Dimitriou hummed approvingly and nodded before kicking her feet up on her desk, black flowy pleated skirt slipping up her leg just past the knee, revealing her tan pantyhose.

“I think you’re right. Plus I’m just as ready as they are for the summer break, I don’t need to be trying to control angsty hormonal tiny adults in the last hour of my work day.” She sniffed, rolling her grayish blue eyes.

Stevie chuckled, nodding emphatically, brown eyes wide in avid agreement.

“I know it was only like six years ago that I was in their shoes, but it feels like SO much longer!”

“Oh I can hardly imagine you acting that way, I bet you were quite the teacher’s pet.” She mused.

Stevie took a sip of her latte trying to conceal the blush that rose to her cheeks at the slight tease.

“Yeah, you’re right, I definitely was.” Stevie grinned.

“I can tell, love.” She winked.

Trying not to sputter on the large swig of coffee she had just taken, Stevie cleared her throat.

“So, how are the arrangements for your Greece trip coming along?” Stevie asked, desperate to change the subject.

“Hell if I know, that’s all Nico’s job, I just pack my bags and show up to the estate ready to spend my summer on that gorgeous private beach of ours.” She exhaled heavily, as if the very thought of it had exhausted her.

Mrs. Dimitriou was ungodly wealthy. She grew up in Greece on her family’s estate before being married off to her husband Nico, who, though he was quite handsome, was a bit of an airhead, considering the sheer amount of successful businesses he ran. They had moved to the United States around twenty years ago, after they had gotten married, so that Nico could operate his businesses, but Mrs. Dimitriou wasn’t particularly fond of the notion of being a housewife, so instead she got her certificate in education and began her work as a high school teacher. Though she often played the part of the annoyed adult forced to try to contain the chaos of pubescent teenagers, Stevie knew that she truly loved her job, and was good at it too. All the students adored her, and so did Stevie. She really, really admired her.

It wasn’t just how she was as a teacher, though that was a big factor, but it was in the way she carried herself, tall and confident, already standing at 5 '8 and still insisting on wearing four inch stilettos every day. Stevie could hardly comprehend how she did it, considering she’d trip over the laces of her converses at least once a week, but Mrs. Dimitriou moved with such grace she couldn’t help but turn heads. Well, because of that, and because of her stunning looks. 

Like the finest wine, Mrs. Dimitriou seemed to only get more beautiful with age. Her long full black hair she wore in a perfect blowout contrasted starkly against her pale eyes and olive skin. Her cheekbones were high with scattered freckles, making her appear younger than she was, and her lips were full and always perfectly glossed a deep tone of pinkish red. She didn’t particularly fret over the fad diets that were pushed on aging women in magazines, she was Greek, good food was important to her, and she had no problem carrying the curves that filled her out like the goddesses they would sculpt into marble. She knew her form was jaw dropping. She had a deep love for high fashion, often having her clothing specially made just for her.

Today she dawned a silk white flowing blouse with short cuffed sleeves tucked into her black pleated skirt that ended at mid calf, leaving the blouse unbuttoned just enough to show off some cleavage, Stevie’s favorite freckle peeking out over her left breast. The space was then filled with a dainty diamond necklace that matched her earrings and bracelet, though they were slim and subtle enough not to take away from her Louboutin belt that cinched around her tight waist, accentuating her hourglass figure. She wore black leather booties with pointed toes and a skinny heel, pushing her onto her toes in a way that only further showed off her toned calves and perky round ass.

The first day Stevie had met her, she had rushed home and frantically tore through her closet to figure out what she could wear to make her look even a fraction as good as Mrs. Dimitriou. She didn’t particularly care too much about what the students thought of her, or even the other teachers for that matter, but something about Mrs. Dimitriou made her want to do anything to grab her attention.

Today, Stevie felt rather proud of the outfit she had put together. She wore a maroon body con dress that ended just below the knees, exposing her bare tan legs, and highlighting every curve of her slim young body. She knew she was rather blessed when it came to having the kind of ass that turned heads, and while her chest was on the smaller side, it was perky, and perfect for her, especially for days when she’d rather look a bit more masculine. Still, her dress showed more cleavage than she was comfortable with at the school- she already had to deal with students of any gender staring at her ass constantly in no matter what she wore- so she covered it up with a cropped white sweater vest that hung loosely over her slim waist.

She wore a gold chain necklace that wrapped around a single pearl, and a gold watch to match. She had decided to wear her hair up that day, knowing she’d probably be hot, so she had it in a slicked back high ponytail, concealing the hair tie seamlessly with a small braid, a few pieces framing her face in the front. She had added some curls to the ponytail, bringing out the highlights in her light brown hair, and rubbed some brown pencil eyeliner around her brown eyes to make them pop, coating her lashes with a bit of mascara and adding a pink blush to the top of her cheekbones and nose, finishing it off with a clear gloss.

Her roommate had teased her that morning as she sprayed on her favorite perfume that she must have the hots for the cute new teacher that had started last semester after just finishing his schooling. She just laughed and brushed it off. Sure, he was cute, and around her age, but he just didn’t really do it for her. Stevie smiled at the memory, taking another sip of her latte, before standing up and smoothing out her dress, surreptitiously hoping it would draw the attention of Mrs. Dimitriou. And it did.

“Well isn’t that a gorgeous number you have on there!” She commented.

“Yeah? You like it?” She preened.

“Yeah, I do.” Mrs. Dimitriou affirmed, her eyes looking her up and down heavily.

A deep blush crept up Stevie’s cheeks as she quickly turned around and gathered the papers from her desk, then she walked over to Mrs. Dimitriou’s desk, standing closer than was necessary, and laid them down in front of her.

“Here are the tests I graded from Block 1.” She said, clearing her throat.

“Thank you, dear,” Mrs. Dimitriou replied, laying a hand on Stevies arm below the elbow. “Would you mind making some copies for me before class starts?”

“Of course!” She responded, cheerily.

Grabbing the worksheets from Mrs. Dimitriou, she took one last swig of her drink and headed off to the copy room.

***

Apparently, Friday was the day to make copies, because Stevie didn’t manage to get back until the last minute for the bell. She had glanced at the bathroom for a brief moment as she walked past it, feeling the caffeine already working on her bladder, but was resigned to wait until their break period.

First period went off without a hitch, other than Stevie periodically bouncing her leg or rubbing her thighs together as she bent down to help a student. Mrs. Dimitriou eyed her movements with a raised brow but said nothing of it. By the time second period rolled around, Stevie had already finished her coffee and drank about half of her water bottle, trying not to let herself get dehydrated from the caffeine, and was really starting to feel the pressure from her bladder build up. After all the students had left the classroom and they had tidied up the space, Mrs. Dimitriou grabbed her Louibouton bag and her classroom keys and walked towards the door.

“You ready for this workshop?”

“Oh yeah, I’m interested to see what they have us working on.” Stevie replied, grabbing her baby pink crochet tote bag she had made last summer, and shoving her water bottle in it.

“Great! I think you’re really going to enjoy it. But let’s stop at the restroom first, that morning coffee always goes right through me, I swear.”

“Me too! I’m like kind of dying to pee right now.” She admitted, making Mrs. Dimitriou throw her head back in a laugh that made her stomach do flips.

She locked up the classroom as Stevie started walking in the direction towards the teacher’s lounge.

“Where are you going?” Mrs. Dimitriou called after her, making her freeze mid step and turn around.

“I thought-”

“The library’s in the opposite direction, let's just use one of the student bathrooms that’s on the way.”

Stevie nodded reluctantly and followed. She hated using the student bathrooms, something about it always made her feel so uncomfortable. Did they really need to make the cracks in between the doors so large? She’s around children for heaven’s sake! Not to mention she already gets pee shy, and the thought of Mrs. Dimitriou hearing her pee made her break out in a nervous sweat.

As they approached the restrooms, Stevie spotted a drinking fountain and got an idea.

“I, um, just gotta refill my water bottle real quick.” This should buy her some time so she wouldn’t have to go in at the same time as Mrs. Dimitriou.

“Oh, good idea! I need to too.” Mrs. Dimitriou chimed, pulling her water bottle out of her bag and queuing up behind Stevie.

“Oh… okay.” She replied, trying to keep her voice cheery.

She unscrewed the cap and placed the bottle below the refill spout, watching as the water began to pour out. Between the trickling sound and the visible splash the water was making, Stevie was beginning to feel overwhelmed. She shut her eyes, trying to block out at least one of her senses, and didn’t open them again until she felt her hand getting wet. Her eyes shot open as she watched the water begin to overflow out of the bottle, causing her to jerk it back, some more water sloshing over the edge.

“Shit!” She muttered, instinctively bending down and taking a big sip to decrease the amount of water overflowing in the bottle.

“Bit distracted?” Mrs. Dimitriou questioned as Stevie replaced the cap on the bottle.

She laughed shyly and nodded.

Mrs. Dimitriou gave her a funny look and shook her head laughing as she pulled out her own water bottle and walked towards the fountain. Thinking quickly, Stevie hurried off to the restroom hoping to be able to do her business, or at least get the stream started before Mrs. Dimitriou came in, but to her chagrin there was a student ahead of her waiting in line. She crossed her arms and waited behind the student, who was scrolling through Instagram. She tapped her foot impatiently until she heard the door open.

“Oh, is there a line?” Came Mrs. Dimitriou’s voice.

“Oh, I’m just waiting for my friend.” The girl responded apathetically.

Stevie tried to contain her groan of frustration as she walked to the nearest stall, checked under the door for any sign it was occupied, then pushed her way into the stall, hearing Mrs. Dimitriou doing the same to the one right next door. She lifted her dress and pulled her boy shorts down, feeling incredibly uncomfortable as she could still see the girl on her phone through the sliver in the cracks. Soon, she heard a loud stream hit the bowl and Mrs. Dimitriou let out an audible sigh. Stevie could feel her bladder clenching, wanting to release, but just couldn’t. She tried taking a deep breath and counting to ten, but still nothing. 

She then heard the toilet flush and the clicking of heels echo through the bathroom, followed by the running water of the sink. She prayed that Mrs. Dimitriou would wait outside for her, but instead she heard the sound of a zipper and her rummaging through her purse, then the pumping of lip gloss that suggested Mrs. Dimitriou was applying some touch ups in the mirror. Stevie swore under her breath and quickly hiked her boy shorts back up, readjusting her dress, and flushing the toilet. She caught the freshly glossed smile that gleamed in the mirror and smiled back, quickly washing her hands and walking out, Mrs. Dimitriou right behind her.

During the seminar, Stevie could barely sit still, shifting around her seat, rubbing her thighs together and crossing her legs. At one point Mrs. Dimitriou reached under the table and placed her hand on her thigh, stilling it.

“Are you okay, hun?” She asked breathily in her ear.

Stevie flushed as she felt her panties grow damp, a whole new sensation building between her legs.

“Y-yeah, I’m fine.” She stuttered, trying to keep still.

Mrs. Dimitriou gave her a side eye, seemingly not convinced, but let it go, returning her attention to the presenter. Stevie could hardly pay attention to what the speaker was saying. Something about better engaging their students through their writing? Her bladder ached as it continued to fill steadily, not letting up from all the caffeine that was in her system.

By the time the presentation drew to a close, Stevie was doing all she could not to openly hold herself. She drummed her pen restlessly on her blank notebook page, and sat with her legs tightly crossed, as if glued together. Finally, the speaker gave her thanks and ended the session, the sound of chairs scraping the floor filling the room. Stevie jumped up out of her seat, quickly gathering her things while bending over slightly, her legs still crossed. She tried her best not to do a full on dance, but it was hard not to.

“Okay, out with it, what’s wrong?” Mrs. Dimitriou prodded, eyes narrowing in a way that seemed to bring emphasis to their height difference of nearly eight inches.

Stevie swallowed, feeling like a shy little kid being reprimanded by her mother.

“I, um, I really need to pee.” She mumbled, beet red. “I didn’t actually go… you know, when we stopped off at the bathrooms earlier.”

“Yeah, I noticed.” Mrs. Dimitriou responded plainly.

“W-wait, you knew?”

“Agapoula mou.” She huffed out in exacerbation. “Sweetness, you’ve been bouncing around like you were on the verge of piddling yourself this whole presentation. And I never heard a stream when we were in the bathroom. What happened, my dear?”

Stevie tried to hold herself tall like the adult she was, but couldn’t quite manage it as she still was dancing around, desperately trying not to pee.

“I get a bit pee shy sometimes…” She admitted quietly.

“Oh, love.” Mrs. Dimitriou sighed, wrapping an arm around her shoulder and guiding her towards the door. “Come on, let’s get you to the teacher’s lounge so you can use the restroom.”

Stevie just nodded and let herself be guided, enjoying the warmth of the comforting arm around her. She couldn’t help but feel like she was a student once again, and not the student teacher.

The walk to the teacher’s lounge felt torturously long, and more than once Stevie had to stop to clench every single muscle, trying to hold in the flood. She had never felt so embarrassed. She couldn’t believe she had landed herself in this position, especially in front of someone she idolized so much. And yet, Mrs. Dimitriou was so kind about it all, it made Stevie tingle throughout her body in a way she didn’t quite understand. She let out a shiver as they neared the door to the teacher’s lounge, only causing Mrs. Dimitriou to tighten her grip around her. She was grateful it was still the middle of the period and that no one was around to see her in such a state.

After what felt like ages, she finally made it to the private bathroom and hurried inside. She threw her bag on the ground, not even bothering to hang it on the hook, and yanked her tight dress up, wiggling around as she did so. She gasped as she felt a hot jet of pee spurt out of her, dampening her panties. Quickly, she pulled them down and plopped down on the toilet in one swift motion, piss pouring out of her before her thighs had even hit the seat. She moaned audibly in relief as she emptied out the contents of her bladder, sitting there for a good minute or so as the stream just kept coming. 

Eventually, it tapered to a stop. Blinking away the tears that had formed in the corner of her eyes, she blotted at her underwear with some toilet paper, trying to soak up the dampness that soaked through the crotch, then considering it good enough, she pulled them up and readjusted her dress. She took a moment to compose herself in the mirror after washing her hands, and walked back into the teacher’s lounge, standing much straighter this time.

“Make it there with dry panties, hun?” Mrs. Dimitriou asked, briefly looking at her crotch in a way that made Stevie flush.

“Y-yeah, it was fine. I’m good now.” She said with a smile, lying through her teeth about the first part.

She prayed Mrs. Dimitriou wouldn’t see through her lie and leave it be, and to her relief she dropped it and changed the subject.

“Hey, you wanna skip out a bit early and go grab lunch somewhere?”

“Yes, I’d love to!” Stevie cheered, perking up.

***

Mrs. Dimitriou had taken them to a fancy rooftop lounge downtown that was about fifteen minutes away from the school, driving them there in her convertible. Stevie had tried not to stare as the wind blew her thick black hair back majestically. She hadn’t been to too many restaurants as fancy as this one, but it seemed like Mrs. Dimitriou frequented it, seeing as the valet driver greeted her by name, and the host took her immediately to a private table in the corner that overlooked the city from the floor to ceiling window it was positioned by. Even the waiter immediately brought over two glasses of Sauvignon Blanc. Stevie suspected a bottle of it cost about as much as she made in a week.

“Do you like fish?” Mrs. Dimitriou asked, peering at her over her glass.

Stevie just nodded, taking a sip of the wine, savoring its warmth as it slid down her throat and heated her belly.

“We’ll have two plates of the usual, thank you Bertrum.” She noted to the waiter.

Stevie tried to pace herself as she drank the wine, reminding herself she still had to go back to work after this, but she felt jittery with nerves sitting across from such an elegant woman at such a fancy restaurant. She was completely used to spending one on one time with Mrs. Dimitriou, but it was always at the school. Here, she felt out of her element. But, she supposed she shouldn’t have been surprised when they dipped into easy conversation, making jokes, telling stories, and laughing with each other so hard Mrs. Dimitriou nearly spilled her wine. Stevie had never once seen her even take a misstep, so this slip up titillated her, knowing she made such a high class woman do something so clumsy because she had gotten her to laugh so hard. It made her tummy flutter endlessly.

By the time they had finished their meal, which was decadent to say the least, Stevie felt so at ease and comfortable that she nearly had forgotten about the minor incident that had occurred earlier. It wasn’t until they were back in Mrs. Dimitriou’s convertible, still chuckling at a joke Stevie had made about one of the eccentric male science teachers, that she was reminded of earlier. Her smile faltered only slightly as she felt a sudden pang in her bladder, but brushed it off knowing it wouldn’t be too hard to hold until they got back to school.

Much to Stevie’s dismay, however, there was an accident on the freeway resulting in them being stuck in traffic long enough to double the time it took them to return to the school. By the time they got back, they were all but running back to the classroom to get there before the bell rang, some students already waiting at the door to be let in. They hurried in and set up the classroom, Stevie starting up the smartboard via the computer while Mrs. Dimitriou instructed the students on preparing for their presentations. 

Eventually, they managed to get everyone situated and the presentations began. Stevie sat on the loveseat in the back of the classroom, taking notes on each student as they presented, Mrs. Dimitriou doing the same alongside her. Though the seat was long enough to comfortably seat two people with ease, Stevie couldn’t help but notice the way Mrs. Dimitriou sat so close to her that their thighs were pressed firmly against each other. She tried to maintain her breathing at a steady rate, but she was struggling to pay attention to what the students were saying.

As the class went on, Stevie felt her bladder start to rapidly fill again. She had tried to keep hydrated by taking sips from her water bottle to prevent a headache later from the wine and caffeine, but she gave up about halfway through the class as her bladder started to ache badly, still weak from holding on so tight earlier. She had the strong urge to cross her legs and bounce her knee again, but with Mrs. Dimitriou pressed so close to her she couldn’t bring herself to do so, remembering how easily she could tell what was happening when they weren’t connected at the hip.

But still, her bladder continued to fill, and quite fast at that. Stevie glanced down, seeing the slight swell of her bladder protruding from her skin tight dress. Attempting to be discreet, she casually crossed her legs, as though just trying to get comfortable, but she didn’t miss the quick glance she received from Mrs. Dimitriou. As student after student gave their presentation, Stevie clenched her pelvic floor muscles hard, trying to support her aching bladder while not losing focus on what each student was saying.

About thirty minutes before the period ended, Stevie closed her eyes tightly and accepted the fact that she simply would not be able to hold it another twenty minutes and needed to go right now. She took a deep breath, preparing herself to whisper to Mrs. Dimitriou to let her know she’d be right back, but was pulled out of her thoughts with a sudden jolt as the buzz of the PA system came on overhead.

“Attention all staff and students, we will be undergoing a non emergency lockdown, I repeat, a non emergency lock down. We ask that all staff and students remain in their classrooms and stay out of the hallways until notified otherwise. Thank you.”

Stevie stiffened as she felt the blood drain out of her face.

Shit! She thought. This is probably for a medical episode or a drug search of some kind. They’re serious about not leaving the classrooms during those.

She tried to encourage herself to hold on a bit longer, that it would be over soon, but she didn’t feel so convinced. She chewed at her lip nervously, unconsciously rapping her pen against her notebook, before halting abruptly when she noticed Mrs. Dimitriou eyeing her inquisitively. She tried to still herself, but another jolt from her bladder made her bend over slightly and start bouncing her leg. Wordlessly, Mrs. Dimitriou placed her hand on her upper thigh without stopping from taking notes, nodding along attentively to whatever the student had been saying. Stevie tried to remember how to breathe as she attempted to calm herself down and continue her own note taking.

Another ten minutes passed by and in that time Stevie’s bladder had filled to the point where she simply could not sit still without peeing herself. She wiggled around constantly, hip repeatedly bumping with Mrs. Dimitriou who seemed to ignore it, but never had removed her hand from her thigh. In fact, as Stevie’s wiggling began to grow more frantic, Mrs. Dimitriou started rubbing her hand soothingly over Stevie’s thigh, which really did relax her, but only seemed to worsen her problem. 

Another ten minutes passed by after that, and still no word on the non-emergency lockdown. She found herself fantasizing about the PA system buzzing again, coming on with the announcement that staff and students could leave their classrooms again, but as the clock continued to tick, the PA system remained silent. Stevie was trying not to panic, trying to envision the trip to the teacher’s lounge, then feeling worried it would be too far, and planning to make a beeline to the student bathrooms that were just down the hall.

With just five minutes to go, and the last student wrapping up their presentation, Mrs. Dimitriou stood, lifting her hand off of Stevie’s thigh and walked to the front of the room. Stevie braced herself to stand and follow, but winced at the added pressure of gravity that was forcing down on her already overflowing bladder. She quickly bent over and grabbed herself, trying to stop the flow. To her relief, she just managed to, and fortunately no students were paying attention to her as she stood in the back of the class. She straightened up and started walking towards the front, freezing for a brief moment as she made eye contact with Mrs. Dimitriou, blushing profusely and hoping she didn’t see what just transpired. Quickly, with her thighs pressed tightly together, she took small steps over to her desk at the front of the room and sat down as Mrs. Dimitriou continued to address the class.

“You all did a wonderful job on your presentations, I’m hoping to get your grades in the system over the weekend. I know we’re still waiting for permission to leave the classrooms again, so just hang tight while we wait to receive word.” She said using her teacher voice, turning towards Stevie in the last sentence.

Stevie had both hands shoved tightly over her crotch, thankful that her desk obscured the view of anything below her waist.

The class sat anxiously at their desks as the clock continued to tick, now passing two minutes past the bell. Finally, the PA system rang through the room.

“Thank you for your patience, this concludes the non-emergency lockdown.”

Chairs scraped loudly against the floor and the room filled with chatter as the students pushed their way through the door, hurrying now that they only had four minutes left in the between class break. Stevie tried to remain composed when some of the students wished her a good weekend as they passed her desk. When the room had fully emptied, Stevie got up and made a mad dash out the door to the nearest bathrooms, not even waiting to say anything to Mrs. Dimitriou who watched as she flew out the classroom.

As she approached the student restrooms, her bladder screaming at her, she froze in horror at the long line that pushed all the way out the door. Shit, shit, shit, SHIT! Looks like everyone else has to use the bathroom too after the lockdown. Fuck! Why didn’t I think of that?

Not willing to wait in line, refusing to potty dance in front of all those students and knowing there was no way she could hold it without potty dancing, she awkwardly hobbled the long path down to the teacher’s lounge. About half way there, she felt a warm hiss of pee escape into her panties, causing her to walk even faster, no longer caring how ridiculous she must look, sure her panic was written all over her face, but not having any energy to spare to mask her facial expressions. Before she even reached the door, she saw the long line of staff that also queued up outside the two private teacher’s bathrooms. She whimpered as a harsh wave of desperation rolled through her body and another hot jet of pee escaped her panties, feeling it slowly drip down the bare skin of her leg, working its way all the way down to her crossed ankles. She felt tears begin to well in her eyes, no longer sure what to do. 

She didn’t think she could make it dry to the next nearest bathroom, and they probably had a long line of students too, anyways. Mind going blank, all she could think about was how bad she wanted to be comforted and held and told that everything was going to be okay when she knew that it wasn’t. Steeling herself one last time, she hurriedly walked back to the classroom, losing another leak along the way. She ran the last few steps into the classroom as the bell rang, and only then did she remember that they still had one more class. She felt her body tense up completely at the realization, a wave of dizzying nausea rolling over her, blurring her vision as she realized she was on the verge of a full blown accident and she just walked into a classroom full of seniors. Slowly, she inclined her head to look up at the desks that filled the classroom, only to see that they were… empty?

“Oh there you are, dear. I completely forgot that today the seniors are all gone on their senior trip. We have a free period now!”

Stevie let out a startled sob, in sheer relief as the boiling fear that was building inside her simmered back down to a dull ache that drilled into her bladder.

“Stevie!” Mrs. Dimitriou exclaimed, startled by the outburst. “Agapoula mou. What’s wrong?”

She sniffled as tears began to pour down her face and another leak escaped her exhausted sphincter. Mrs. Dimitriou hurried over, pulling her the rest of the way in the classroom and closing the door and locking it. Then she wrapped her arm around Stevie and guided her to sit down at the nearest desk. Stevie slumped down in it and dropped her head so it rested on her arms against the flat surface. Her body shaking as another sob wracked through her body, another leak spurting out, warming her butt.

“Sweetheart… What's wrong?” She repeated gently.

“I-I have to go SO bad, Mrs. Dimitriou!” She cried, her voice muffled within her arms. “And all the bathrooms have long lines, and I-I-” She broke down again, choking on a sob.

“Oh, moro mou, you poor thing, you must be in so much pain.” She cooed sweetly, rubbing her back soothingly. “Here, honey, I bet the lines are all gone now that class has started, why don’t we go try again?”

Stevie looked up for a moment hopefully, but the mere thought of release was too much for her exhausted bladder as another spurt, longer this time, poured out of her, pooling around her butt. Mrs. Dimitriou saw the look that crossed her face and frowned.

“Oh, sweetie, you’re not going to make it are you?” She asked softly.

Stevie shook her head, ponytail bobbing as fresh tears streamed down her blotchy cheeks, her mascara running slightly. Dropping her head in her arms once more, she squeezed her muscles together with all her might as one more strong wave of desperation washed over her, but it was just too much. A steady stream of pee began leaking out of her, soaking her panties completely and dampening the fabric of her dress before bursting out with a loud hiss against the plastic chair. Her muscles finally let go completely as her bladder gave up, piss gushing out of her rapidly and spilling over the side of the chair with a loud splash.

Mrs. Dimitriou continued rubbing her back and whispering sweet nothings as the pee spread in a puddle across the floor, filling Stevie’s sneakers and spreading past Mrs. Dimitriou’s expensive high heels. Stevie’s mind went blank as she was completely overwhelmed with sheer humiliation and immense relief. She couldn’t believe she was here, wetting herself like a child at her desk, right in front of Mrs. Dimitriou. She felt numb, waiting to wake up out of this nightmare, but she never did. Soon, the last of her pee trickled out and slowly she raised her head to look at the teacher that stood beside her. Her cheeks were fiery red and soaked in tears, her eyes puffy, and her lip trembling slightly.

“Moro mou, don’t look so sad, it’s quite alright. Here, come stand up.” Mrs. Dimitriou beckoned.

Slowly, Stevie stood, feeling the pee that had clung to her dress and between her thighs drip down her shaking legs. Mrs. Dimitriou put her hands on her shoulders, looking down and examining her, turning her slightly so she could see the back of her dress, her shoes squelching with each step.

“Oh, you are just soaked my dear.” She tutted, eyeing the wet spot that spread across Stevie’s butt and legs, turning her dress a dark, almost black shade of red.

Stevie looked down at her feet, unable to make eye contact, but was met with the sight of the giant puddle of piss they both stood in and gasped.

“Ohh no! Your nice shoes!” She exclaimed before another sob ripped through her.

“Oh, my dear, don’t cry. It’s quite alright!” Mrs. Dimitriou soothed, pulling her in for a tight hug, smoothing down her hair and planting a tender kiss on Stevie’s head that made her melt.

Soon she began to relax against her warm embrace, cheek pressed against the bare skin of her chest just below her neck, large soft breasts cushioning her own neck and chest. She could smell the expensive perfume that Mrs. Dimitriou always wore mixed together with her natural scent, and suddenly it was as if Stevie could breathe again.

“There, there, now isn’t that better, hun?” Mrs. Dimitriou purred.

Stevie nodded, and no longer caring, wrapped her arms around the teacher and buried herself deeper into her bosom, allowing herself to fully melt as the older woman supported her weight. She shivered as she felt Mrs. Dimitriou brush her hand over her ponytail, moving it off her neck, scraping the sensitive skin with her trimmed nails in the process. Then, without warning, the taller woman pulled down on her ponytail with a tug, forcing Stevie to look back up at her. She was shocked to find darkened blue gray eyes staring down at her.

“Are you sure you’re okay, sweetheart?” She purred in a low voice.

Stevie’s voice caught in her throat.

“I-I- yeah, I’m okay.”

“You don’t sound very convincing.” She tutted.

Stevie swallowed.

“Are you sure there isn’t anything I can do to make it better?”

Stevie’s eyes bulged and the insinuating tone in her voice.

“Come now, dear, don’t act like your little crush hasn’t been obvious all these months.”

Stevie stood there stunned, body still pressed against the warmth of Mrs. Dimitriou, still looking up as her grip on her ponytail never loosened, the piss on her legs rapidly cooling.

“Relax, I think it’s sweet. Quite exciting actually. Watching you blush at every bit of praise I give you. Seeing all the cute little outfits you put together for me. Ever wonder why I spoil you like I do? I like spoiling a pretty little thing like you.”

Stevie’s mouth went dry.

“Oh and it was so sweet watching you squirm earlier. I knew you were high strung and all, little miss overachiever, but I had no idea how deep it ran, too shy to even use the bathroom around me or admit that you even needed to go. Like a small child afraid of being reprimanded. I just had to treat you for lunch after giving me such a show like that! Tell me dear, did you really make it to the bathroom all the way dry that time?”

Stevie shook her head shyly.

“I didn’t think so.” She tutted again. “Oh but I just could not believe my luck when you went and got so desperate again. Of course, I was hoping the wine would work its way through you, but you still didn’t learn your lesson and tried to wait to use the teacher’s bathroom again, only you didn’t have the time, did you?”

She felt the resistance of her ponytail in Mrs. Dimitriou’s hand as she shook her head again.

“No…” She considered. “Instead you had to hold it all throughout our presentations. And I guess you halfway learned your lesson. You knew I could tell when you needed to go, and what with me pressed so close to you, you sure tried your best to stay still, didn’t you?”

Stevie nodded, eyes wide, hanging on to her every word, feeling her panties growing damp, especially as her hair tugged against her scalp.

“Of course, I had been informed of the last minute drug search they had scheduled, leaving you stuck in the classroom right next to me for the remainder of the period.”

Stevie blanched at this new piece of information. Wait, she knew?

“I was surprised this morning that you didn’t know about the senior trip, you must have missed the email, or maybe I forgot to forward it. Hmm.” She looked up as if pondering, batting her eyes innocently.

Stevie felt her heart beginning to thud loudly in her chest.

“Oh what a pleasant surprise! I was hoping to have my fun with you today, after being so very patient this whole school year, but I never knew it would be this fun!”

Her eyes blurred, she couldn’t believe what she was hearing, it seemed too good to be true.

“I would have been perfectly satisfied had you just run out the door looking so cute after holding yourself at your desk. Relax- it wasn’t obvious, I just knew what to look for. I did suspect you might run into some long lines, but oh! When you came waddling back looking so sad, I felt for you, I really did, but God if you don’t make my heart race when you run to me for comfort like that, my dear sweet thing.”

She placed two fingers under Stevie’s chin, leaning down so their faces were just a breath away. She smelled of sweet mint.

“Watching you fall apart like that, piddling all over yourself as you wept at that desk, was the single most hottest thing I have ever witnessed.”

Those words went straight to her loins as Stevie tried not to collapse from her jelly legs. The only thing that held her up was when Mrs. Dimitriou closed the gap between them, pressing her soft full lips against Stevie’s, wrapping both hands around the base of her skull.

It was heaven. Never in her life had Stevie been kissed with such intensity. With such skill and passion and sureness. Suddenly, all the pain she had endured that day simply evaporated, and she knew then that she would do anything for this woman, whatever she asked, Stevie was hers. If she asked Stevie to tear out her own heart so she could stomp all over it in her stilettos, she would do it before her next heartbeat. So when Mrs. Dimitriou’s tongue darted across her lower lip, she willingly parted without so much as a fight, letting the older woman expertly explore her mouth. And when Mrs. Dimitriou trailed her warm lips across Stevie’s jaw, she craned her neck without being told to give her access to the open expanse of sensitive skin, which the older woman gladly nipped at, sucking hard enough to leave a bruise. Which was fine by Stevie, if she wanted to mark her as her own, she’d pull out her pen and label the spot as ‘Property of Mrs. Dimitriou’.

Loving the sheer amount of openness and trust Stevie was handing to her, Mrs. Dimitriou picked up her small frame with ease, hands squeezing and pulling at her fat ass still damp with piss and dropped her on a nearby desk. Slamming their lips back together, Stevie allowed the woman to kiss her senseless as her hand snaked its way up under her tight dress, not stopping until she reached the heat between the young woman’s legs. Stevie moaned into her mouth as Mrs. Dimitriou rubbed her fingers against her panties, soaked through with piss and her own wetness. Then, reaching her other hand under her dress, Mrs. Dimitriou pulled off her panties in one swift go, leaving them hanging off one of her ankles as she spread her legs apart and hiked up her dress. Dropping down to her knees, the older woman gave her an absolutely wicked grin before lurching forward and devouring her completely.

Stevie couldn’t help the moan that escaped her when Mrs. Dimitriou skillfully lapped her tongue against her cunt, pressing into her hole for a moment before gliding it up where her labia joined, stimulating the inner nerves of her clitoris and then flicking her clit softly, and then hard, working up a rhythm alternating between flicking and circling and sucking on her clit all steadily on beat. Stevie’s legs began to tremble violently as she felt her first orgasm build deep in her core. She moaned again, louder this time as she felt herself on the verge of tipping over the edge, then groaned as Mrs. Dimitriou quickly pulled away, leaving her humping desperately at the air.

“I’m going to need you to use your indoor voice while class is still in session.” She deadpanned in her teacher voice while pinning down Stevie’s hips.

She bit her lip hard, inhaling deeply, trying to be good for Mrs. Dimitriou so she would put her mouth on her again. And she did. Working efficiently, as if she had never even pulled away, the older woman worked her tongue across her, building her back up to her orgasm quickly, this time, without interrupting. Stevie felt it build so much faster before finally releasing. Her chest heaved as she arched her back, humping her hips against Mrs. Dimitriou's gorgeous face. She gritted her teeth so hard trying not to scream that she thought they might break. Just as she was starting to come down from her orgasm, Mrs. Dimitriou shoved a long finger deep inside of her, soon followed by another, curling them against the soft bundle of nerves that lay inside of her, causing a squeak of a moan to escape past her lips. 

Never ceasing the movement of her tongue, Mrs. Dimitriou grabbed her thighs and draped each leg over her shoulders as she dove in deeper, taking a moment to fuck her deep with her tongue, sticking it roughly in and out of her, lapping at her juices that slicked over the older woman’s face. Then, giving her hips one last pull forward, she returned her fingers inside of her, working at a steady rhythm that matched that of her tongue, and with her other hand she reached around and pressed down right above the young woman’s pubic bone, increasing the sensation of the long fingers pressing against the bundle of nerves inside of her, but also pushing down on her bladder.

Tingles erupted throughout Stevie’s entire body, starting at her scalp and spreading all the way to her toes as she felt her second orgasm start to build. She began breathing rapidly, whisper screaming fuck, fuck, fuck like it was her new greatest mantra. She felt all of her muscles tighten as the intense wave of pleasure reached its peak, exploding out of her core and radiating through her entire body in shockwaves. Sweat coated her forehead, beading down her neck as she tried to remember how to breathe. Finally, the tension in her body released fully and her lungs filled with the sweetness of air, and for a moment Stevie wondered if she had ever truly tasted air before Mrs. Dimitriou breathed it into her very being.

Before she could even recover from her last orgasm, her momentary relief was buried by the exponentially growing pleasure that started back up in her groin, exploding out once again with no warning this time. A sob wracked through her trembling body, tears streaming down her face once again, but this time in a completely new experience. She had never felt this good before. Never felt half this good. Never even knew she could feel this good. And so she wept. Her body on a high greater than anything she’d ever known, pure bliss radiating to her core.

But suddenly it was all too much, and her already overly fatigued bladder couldn’t stand the newly added pressure to it and she felt a hot jet of piss spray out of her, shooting onto Mrs. Dimitriou’s beautiful face. Stevie tried to squeeze her legs together on instinct to get it to stop but only managed to force Mrs. Dimitriou’s face tighter against her, using her plump lips for pressure to stop the flow. Stevie felt mortified as she realized what was happening, but the older woman merely gave a plotting grin against her cunt before pulling back at the same time as she pressed on her bladder. 

It was completely uncontrollable the piss that arced out of her. Her muscles were far too spent to do anything to stop it and she watched in horror and amazement as piss poured out of her and landed directly onto Mrs. Dimitriou’s chest, dripping and pooling into her cleavage and soaking her expensive white silk shirt until it clung to her, showing off every curve of her breasts and the black lace bra she wore underneath, hard nipples poking through the fabric.

“Such a good girl.” She cooed, making Stevie whimper.

Then, she pressed her palm against her cunt and began rubbing in circular motions as piss continued pouring out of the younger woman. Stevie saw stars as she slapped her hand over her mouth and screamed into it as she came for a third time.

When the pee trickled to a stop against Mrs. Dimitriou’s hand, the woman stood, soaked breasts heaving, and pulled Stevie up into her, kissing her deeply and their bodies pressed together, Stevie clinging to the older woman for support as she shook, barely able to form a coherent sentence in her mind.

“Are you spent yet?” Mrs. Dimitriou mumbled against her lips.

Stevie pulled away for a moment, seeing the lust that filled Mrs. Dimitriou’s darkened eyes, and a new wave of hunger filled her body, pussy throbbing with want. She shook her head so hard she felt her ponytail smack against her cheek.

“Good.” The woman replied simply, placing her hands on Stevie’s hips and flipping her around, bending her over her desk.

Stevie looked over her shoulder when she heard a clang to see Mrs. Dimitriou undoing her Louboutin belt and leaning over to wrap it around Stevie’s wrists which she pinned above her head.

“You’re mine now, Agapoula mou.” She growled out.

“I’ve been yours.” Stevie mustered out.

Mrs. Dimitriou hummed in approval, chuckling slightly. Then, she dropped her skirt, revealing the black and metal ringed harness she wore over her pantyhose. Stevie floundered, jaw dropping as she watched the woman reach into her purse that lay on the desk and pull out a pink dildo and a small bottle of lube. She easily secured it to her harness and slicked it with lube, spitting on it once and working that in as well. Finally, she lifted up Stevie’s dress, piss stain still entirely visible, and pushed it up against her back, shoving her down against the desk and pulling her hips roughly, exposing her bare ass that bounced with the movement. She gave it a slap that rang through the room before spreading her cheeks and plunging deep inside her pussy, which was dripping wet and ready to be taken. She slid in the full length with ease, its girth filling up Stevie blissfully.

She could no longer hold back the moans that ripped through her as Mrs. Dimitriou pounded into her, hitting in just the right spot. Her mouth salivated heavily as she was filled to the brim with every little sensation. Of Mrs. Dimitriou wrapping her arms around her waist and rubbing circles over her clit. Of Mrs. Dimitriou taking one hand and exploring her torso with it, sliding up her smooth stomach and squeezing her tender breasts, teasing each nipple through the fabric. Of Mrs. Dimitriou’s large hand wrapping around her throat and squeezing just enough to make Stevie decadently light headed. Wave after wave of pleasure wracked through her body as the older woman pounded into her, gaining her own sense of friction as her clit met with the base of her cock with each pound. 

Stevie could feel her breath grow heavy against her ear as the woman began to moan low in her throat, shaking slightly as she reached her own orgasm, humping desperately, trying to seek relief against the friction of her cock. Every little sensation became far too much for Stevie and pushed her over the edge, causing her to come harder than she had in her life, harder than her past three mind blowing, life altering orgasm. So hard she nearly blacked out in pure ecstasy. She would’ve screamed if she could, but all resources in her body were going towards her orgasm, so instead her mouth just hung open and she shook and screamed silently, pushing her hips back and grinding against Mrs. Dimitriou’s cock. Cum sprayed out of her, drenching her legs, its salty sweet smell filling the air.

It wasn’t until she heard heavy splashing that she peered over her shoulder and saw Mrs. Dimitriou rubbing herself against her cock, riding out her own orgasm, using Stevie’s pussy for leverage, frotting desperately as piss poured into her panties, spilling down her legs and splashing all over her heels. Her moan was the most beautiful song Stevie had ever heard, accompanied by the instrumental splashing of her release. Stevie simply watched in awe as her idol fell apart against her.

Finally, silence echoed the room as Mrs. Dimitriou draped forward, resting against Stevie, her cock still buried inside her. She pulled Stevie up against her, hugging her close, her soft breasts pressed against her back, and she kissed her languidly. Trailing tender kisses across the younger woman’s cheeks, Mrs. Dimitriou darted her tongue along the spot where her jaw connected to her ear, breathing hotly against it.

“Come to Greece with me this summer, Kardoula mou.”

Stevie’s face split into a huge smile.

“I’d like that. I heard it’s hot there, should I bring lots of water?” She replied, cheekily.

“My dear, it’s imperative you do!” Mrs. Dimitriou smirked, holding onto her tight.

“Then I’m all yours.”

