A Dark World — (Book 1)

Author: EasyPezePhoebe

*000*2022-12-29 01:07

The loud sound just outside the window was akin to a jumpscare, the darkness of the night suddenly lit up as if a lighthouse had shone its sea light across the surface of the window, and just a moment later, a loud crack, akin to the sound of whip, yet a thousand times louder, sounded out in the otherwise silent night sky.

Wednesday shuddered, her eyes fluttering open just in time for the second strike, which caused her to jump, hitting her head off of the head rest of her bed.

Her noise had been loud enough to wake up her brother in the bed just beside her, and as she looked to her side, she was greeted with two, light green eyes staring straight back at her, which was enough for her to frighten her, and she squealed, the noise emitting only a second before she covered her mouth, her brother immediately trying to shush her.

"Shhh! Wednesday, if you wake up mom and dad up.."

The two had only just turned eighteen, and routinely, Wednesday had started to wet the bed in turn. Though it was for good reason, she was terrified!! Her and her brother were closeted transgenders, and that meant that..the longer they left coming out, the higher the risk that they wouldn’t be able to fix what they felt was wrong with them.

And that was a feeling like no other, one akin to a ship sinking.

She bit her lip as she tried to lay back down to sleep. But she couldn’t, it was hard, and her nightmares were only getting worse recently. Every-time she closed her eyes, she could see the stuff of actual nightmares, and it was scary, terrifying even.

Austin looked over, and with a swift movement, had slipped out of his duvet, and was picking out his makeup kit from under his bed.

"I…it’s late, so you haven’t got long, but…i know how much you love doing it, and that it helps you calm down, so."

With a swift hand, she placed it down on Wednesday’s bedside drawer.

It was funny, actually. Austin had helped her pick her name, after a lot of thinking and arguments about if it was, what they knew it was. And she had always loved one girl who seemed to be able to do it all, fearless, unafraid of the future.

Wednesday Addams.

Her parents, in her thoughts, should’ve already known, after all, they’d knew since they were just kids that something was wrong, and their parents should’ve realised what was up when they both ran in opposite directions on their joint birthday.

When Austin ran towards the trucks and action figures, no one batted an eye.

'She’ll be a tough girl, that one!'

'Ooh, she’s a bit of a tomboy, isn’t she Larry?'

But no, when Wednesday ran towards the barbie dolls and dresses, everyone lost their shit.

She shuddered at the memory, and the aftermath of all that happened, she hated her past, with a growing passion, and didn’t like thinking about it.

And so she sat there, fitting her makeup on as she quietly hummed along to Lady Gaga’s 'Just Dance'.

Morning came soon enough, and for the third night in a row, she woke up to the worst thing she could have. A wet bed, sodden to the touch, and her bladder, weak and all but empty.

Another nightmare. Another day, more suffering.

Getting ready for school was already dysphoric, she had to wear clothes she absolutely despised. Boxers, trousers…But now she had to wear a hoodie to hide her growing hair, just so her parents wouldn’t want to cut it? She truly hated it all, but what else could she do?

As she rushed out of the front door, her brother quickly followed her, grabbing her shoulder tightly to turn her around.

"Wednesday."

He’d say quietly, double checking that he had closed the door, before he looked back, a soft smile crossing his features.

"Here."

He passed her a necklace, it was soft to touch, and shone in the sunlight, it was a small heart, with the words 'Love you, always.' Engraved crudely across the surface.

She hadn't smiled so much in about a year, maybe two.

And couldn’t help but hug her brother tightly, being clearly stronger due to biology, she almost crushed him.

And then, shoulder to shoulder, together, they walked together, hoping that just maybe, they would be able to survive the last year.

Hey everyone!! just thought i’d write a little introductory chapter so i can see what everyone thinks of the new story, i decided to try a different route for this, but i think i did good by introducing the main characters first ❤️

If people want more, the next chapter will be longer and way more content filled, love you all!!

Enjoy!

