Yuri on Ice Fic

Author: Erase

*000*2016-11-26 10:31

Yuri pressed his thighs together firmly and chewed his lip. His seat-belt was pressing tightly against waist. Yuri balled the fabric of his jeans in his hands before glancing over at his coach. He hoped the other man hadn't yet noticed his predicament but with his constant fidgeting, he wouldn't be surprised.

Viktor's eyes were half closed and staring blankly out the window. The sky had just fallen dark and the city lights were twinkling like stars.

Part of Yuri wished the quiet atmosphere would lull Viktor to sleep. He pictured Viktor's head falling gently against the window and his perfect hair getting messy when his bangs pressed against the cold glass. His desire doubled when the older man's eyes pulled away from the glittering cityscape, to look at him.

"You know, I used to hate traveling as a kid." Viktor remarked softly.

Yuri smiled a little at that. He still hated traveling. Partially, because he was restless in general and right now because of the pressure in his lower belly.

"I started enjoying it wherever I learned to relax and just take things slow." Viktor stretched his arms upward and arched his back.

Yuri, despite his discomfort, was curious. His eyes drank in the sight before him as Viktor's muscles pulled slowly and as a quiet, breathy, moan escaped the older man's lips . He thought Viktor had always been rather laid back. Picturing him as anything but relaxed, stern, excited, or sexy was unusually difficult.

"Did I ever tell you about the time I fainted?"

Yuri frowned, forgetting his problem for a moment. "No, I don't think you did."

"It was really early in my career. I had just taken on my last coach and he had worked with such a large number of Olympic skaters I thought I had to dedicate all I had to the sport in order to be good enough for him. I didn't eat so I could drop weight, slept 6 hours at night, and spent all the rest of my time studying skating, or training."

Yuri bit his lip. He'd adopted similar habits whenever Viktor became his coach.

"My body couldn't take it after about two weeks of relentless work. One day I was doing some jumps on the ice, my vision had been on and off spotty for a few days, so I didn't take the warning signs seriously before I feinted."

Yuri felt suprised this never got news coverage.

Viktor looked at Yuri sadly, "In the hospital my coach talked the whole thing over with me and got me to work on some relaxation exercises. I learned my lesson and have been much more laid back ever since."

Viktor pulled Yuri closer and ran his fingers through his the young skaters hair. Electricity sparked through Yuri's spine. He squirmed, partially from his problem and partially because of Viktor's touch.

"I always want you to be honest with me Yuri."

Viktor's warm breath tickled the younger man's ear.

Yuri swallowed. All his nerves were lit up in an instant, startled awake by Viktor's proximity.

"Tell me Yuri, what has you so tense?" Viktor nuzzled his face into Yuri's bare neck and trailed his fingers across the young man's right thigh. Slowly moving to touch the inside of the limb.

Yuri could hear his heart beating in his ears and he could feel the blood moving.. elsewhere.. quickly. All of this touching very quickly becoming a problem.

"Viktor, I need to.." Yuri's voice was breathy and unsteady. He couldn't just say that could he?

"Tell me Yuri." Viktor purred.

Yuri choked a little. "I have to go.."

Viktor's nuzzling slowed. "What do you mean?"

Yuri groaned. How'd he mess this up? Viktor was all over him! His eyes teared up. His need was almost starting to hurt. "I mean.."

Viktor pulled away slightly, looking Yuri over with concern. His hand was still resting between Yuri's thighs.

Yuri felt a few warm drops leak out and his eyes widened in panic. "How far til we get to the hotel?" His voice was trembling.

Viktor's eye's drifted to Yuri's pants quickly realizing the problem. He'd felt the leak. "About 10 minutes I think. Can you wait?"

Yuri grimaced. "I'm not sure." Yuri pressed both his hands beetween his legs and squirmed in an attempt to maintain control. There wasn't much point in being discrete now.

Viktor watched with rapt attention. He'd never seen Yuri quite like this before. Weirdly enough, he almost felt enticed by the desperate squirming. Yuri was touching himself so needily, it was alluring.

This went on for a few minutes before Yuri started whimpering softly.

Viktor bit his lip uncertainly before moving his hand to massage Yuri gently through the fabric of his light blue jeans. "Let me help."

Yuri felt like dying. Viktor, his idol, was all over him. Why did he have to pee now of all times? Why wasn't Viktor disgusted?

"We're almost there Yuri. Just a little longer. You can wait for me right?"

Yuri felt tears start to form in his eyes. He nodded, not trusting himself to speak.

Viktor's hand rubbed slowly, putting pressure in all the right places. Yuri's breath shuddered when he realized what the other man was trying to do.

Viktor's cheeks were flushed a slight pink. Was he turned on?

"You can't go if you're hard right?" Viktor undid the button on Yuri's jeans trying to ease the pressure. Viktor frowned when he felt just how full Yuri was.

Yuri looked away from Viktor and swallowed. "Well yeah, but if I cum.."

Viktor nodded and looked at his phone. "Only a few minutes now Yuri. I don't want to freak you out but there are going to be paparazzi when we get there. You have to hold it."

Yuri's lip trembled. "I haven't gone since we left home."

Viktor grimaced when he saw the wet spot on Yuri's pants widen slightly. He looked around the car hoping he could find something for Yuri to pee into. He came up shorthanded. "Calm down Yuri, it'll be ok. Look at me. You own your body, not the other way around."

Yuri nodded, took a few breaths and forced his upper body to relax. He remembered Viktor telling him that in training before too. Viktor smiled sadly and went back to massaging Yuri through his pants.

They pulled up to the hotel entrance a few moments later. He looked out the window and swore softly. There were a lot of people outside. They weren't even organized. The body gaurds were late too. There was nothing for it.

Viktor turned and kissed Yuri passionately. Yuri stiffened at the kiss. Viktor pulled away after a moment and looked down at the younger skaters pants. He could see the boner. "Put your hands in your pockets. Stay behind me and don't look at anyone. You're going to make it."

Viktor pushed open the door and pulled Yuri out behind him. He felt the younger's hand on his shoulder and felt his heart clench. Yuri was having trouble walking. Viktor moved his way through the crowd expertly, only stopping briefly to check on Yuri behind him.

Once they got through the crowd Viktor turned to look at Yuri directly. "We're on the top floor. Pretend to be sleepy so I can carry you."

Yuri's legs were shaking badly. "Do I have another option?"

Viktor shook his head. He glanced through the window at the cameras outside. "The media will eat this up. Your other option is to piss yourself trying to walk to the elevator."

Yuri groaned softly but wrapped his arms snugly around Viktor's neck. He kept his thighs together tightly and rested his head on the taller man's shoulder. He felt a hand supporting his butt and another wrap around his upper back. Before they started moving. "Viktor?" His voice was quiet and scared.

Viktor looked down at the man in his arms. They were standing in front of the elevator now.

Yuri squirmed slightly. "I'm leaking.."

Viktor looked back into the hallway and was relieved to find the hotel staff holding back the photographers.

"Hold it just a minute longer, we're almost to the room." Viktor was starting to feel really concerned. What if Yuri hurt himself trying to hold it? They were beyond the cameras now, maybe he should just go..

Viktor stepped into the elevator as soon as it opened and pressed the close door button repeatedly until it closed.

Yuri felt a long spurt escape and he gasped, "Put me down.."

Viktor kissed Yuri once more in an attempt to quiet the younger male. It worked briefly. They had to get to the room. He couldn't risk Yuri being seen like this. The elevator doors opened and Viktor rushed out to their room.

Yuri was shaking in his arms, as he slid the key card into the door. He sighed in relief when the light went green. Viktor opened the door quickly and shut it behind him in a desperate attempt to hide his pupil.

Yuri was crying openly now. Viktor was scared. "Stop trying to hold it! No one can see you now. You're going to hurt yourself."

Yuri whimpered as Viktor set him down. "I can't make it..."

Viktor started to feel panic creep into the back of his mind. "I don't care! Please just go!"

Viktor watched as Yuri kept losing small spurts. His legs were tightly crossed and both hands were pressed between his thighs. "I cant hold it!"

Viktor growled softly at Yuri's determination. He took the younger boys wrists and pinned them against the door and wedged his knee between the skater's legs. He kissed Yuri again, and smiled against his mouth as he felt him let go completely at the action. His accident was splattered densely against the carpet.

Viktor kissed first, but Yuri quickly responded with vigor. The relief of finally letting go overwhelmed his body and hormones surged through him in response. He leaned into the kiss to stay upright, no longer trusting his legs to support him. It was embarrassing, but it felt to good to stop.

Viktor ran a hand through Yuri's hair and pressed himself into Yuri further hoping to put a little pressure on the younger's still swollen bladder.

Yuri gasped at the pressure and moaned quietly as more hot piss flooded his underwear. He whimpered quietly at the loud hissing, and the splattering sounds he was producing.

Yuri felt himself blush. "I.. I don't think I can stop." Yuri stuttered.

"Just let me know when you're finished. There is nothing to be ashamed of Yuri." Viktor kept murmuring encouragements into the younger males ear and putting pressure against Yuri's bladder. After a minute the younger male finally stopped fighting and relaxed into Viktor's strong arms.

By the time Yuri's stream finally tapered off, both men were breathing heavily exhausted from the experience. Yuri felt an odd mix of closeness embarrassment, and relief. Viktor was surprised to find he was a little turned on and greatly relieved as well.

Viktor ruffled Yuri's hair. "Let's get cleaned up."

*001*2016-11-26 10:42

Sorry the formatting is a little funny, I typed this on my phone lol. Hopefully I'll get approved soon so people can read this. I'm really hoping Yuri on Ice takes off with lots of omorashi art and writing.

*003*2016-12-06 07:29

{{13 hours ago, Akiraki said:

Omg that was so good!!! i hope you'll write more yoi omo this is great

}}

Thank you, and I hope I can too! My motivation and inspiration wavers so I cant make any promises but I'm working on some stuff whixh may one day see the light.

