The Athlete

Author: exeloro

*000*2026-02-13 20:00

Welcome to a new spinoff from the world of The Cosplayer and The Influencer. This time, we're delving into the world of Alyssa, Cassie's sister who was introduced in the Nicole Trilogy. As you'll see, her life as a sports athlete has spawned many wet tales. But I'll leave it to her to give you all the details. Enjoy!

KICKOFF

Okay. I can do this. Deep breath....

Hi. My name is Alyssa, and I'm...really pee shy. I'm talking cripplingly pee shy. You know how girls always prefer to go to the bathroom together and such? Yeah, couldn't be me. Never in my life. Every time one of my friends asked to go to the bathroom with them, I'd go along, but I wouldn't pee. I'd just stand off to the side. I always preferred using the toilet by myself. Isn't that how it was supposed to be? That's how I was raised anyways. I was taught that going pee was a private moment only meant for yourself.

And for most of my life, I was fine with that. It's how things were supposed to be. But for some reason, I was also cursed with a small bladder. Some sort of ironic twist of fate, having me both afraid to go pee anywhere near another person, yet have to need to go multiple times a day. It's a terrible double whammy. This has led to many, shall we say interesting, situations. Many embarrassing ones too. Especially since I play a lot of different sports.

I've managed though, and my pee-shyness hasn't really gotten in the way of anything. Until now.

So, what changed? Well, I've finally found myself in a loving, committed relationship. Someone who I've known for a while, but only now have gotten romantically involved with. He's literally perfect, and what my heart has truly desired this whole time. He's kind, loving, goofy, and extremely competent where it counts.

He's also very open with his bathroom habits. He likes to leave the door open when he goes number 1 and number 2. It was quite the culture shock for me, but I eventually got used to it when we started living together. Still, whenever I'd go, I'd make sure multiple doors were closed, all the faucets were running, and there was no chance he'd ever hear me do my business.

But now I want to share in that openess with him. I want to try and leave the door open when I go pee and be all casual for him. He's told me it doesn't matter to him, that I should do what's comfortable for me. But I've decided I want to get over my pee shy curse. I wanna do it for him.

If there was any place to do it, it would be here.

When we were both at home for the holidays, I saw this site open on my sister Cassie's laptop. I was confused, then I was fascinated. When I asked her about it, she said it's helped her be more open with her bodily functions. She's had a blast sharing even her most embarrassing pee stories as a cosplayer. It's made her more bold and embrace parts of herself she didn't even realize were always there. And it's even helped her get passed what happened with Nicole.

So I figured, why not give it a shot? I'll share with you my own stories dealing with my small, overactive bladder and being super shy about it. And, hopefully, it can make me more open with my wonderful partner.

I got plenty of stories to tell. Hope you're ready for this.

*001*2026-02-13 21:35

1. YELLOW CARD

In college, I played volleyball competitively. It was my main sport and what I devoted a lot of my time to. I played for the Northwestern Wildcats and it was the main reason I chose to go to this school. I loved it, the thrill of being out in the court and being among my team. During my freshman and sophomore year though, I also played soccer during the offseason. This soccer team was more of a club sport, not competitive or anything. Just intermural teams from across campus and other parts of town meeting up for weekly games.

I started doing it just as a way to stay in shape. My friend told me about it and I said why not. I didn't go all in with it, since I didn't want to risk injuring myself between volleyball seasons. But I still played well enough to be starting on the team as a midfielder.

That week, we were going up against a team from a community college on the other side of town. They were really good players, so we were running up and down that field, defending and trying to gain control of the ball. They were making us work for it.

I ran towards the ball and managed to steal it, running and kicking it towards the opposing team's goal. Right as I went for the goal, their midfielder, a girl named Reagan, swiped the ball right from under me. I barely had time to react. And that's when I first felt it.

I had to pee.

All the adrenaline from the game was fueling me, but now, my rapidly filling bladder was making itself know. I had made sure to visit the toilet before the game started. We were playing in a field where it was only a one room bathroom for each gender. And they were not in the best conditions. I started the game, as I always do, with an empty bladder. But the relentless game led to me guzzling water and gatorade throughout beginning of the game. And now there was hell to pay.

I crossed my legs slightly. The urge was manageable. I could wait a little bit longer. Perhaps until halftime, which was still 15 minutes away. I forced myself to focus.

"Hey, you good?" my roommate and friend Kayla asked, running up to me. She was Korean American and nearly a foot shorter, but she was a helluva player. She was the one who invited me to join this soccer team to being with.

"Yeah, I'm good. Why, you getting tired?" I asked with a smirk. It was a mask to hide my growing need for the bathroom.

"Hah, you wish. Keep up, huh?" Kayla said.

We both ran back to our positions. Kayla was a center forward, and the best damn center forward I'd ever seen play. She didn't play competitively for the major school team though. She chose instead to focus on her pre-law studies.

I put my head back in the game, but now I couldn't stop thinking about needing to pee. Once I felt it, I couldn't ignore it. My mind would always stress about needing the bathroom asap, even if I didn't need to go that bad. I'd have to actively push it out of my mind in order to focus on playing.

I went after the ball and tried to gain control but once again, Reagan was able to snag it. This time she ran all the way down and scored a goal with it! The minimal crowd along the side cheered. The opposing team was now in the lead. And now I had to pee even worse. I ran to the side and took a hearty sip of water. I knew it was going to be bad for my bladder, but I had no choice. I was sweating and exerting myself like crazy. I had to hydrate to make up for it.

We were five minutes away from halftime, and I was starting to get really desperate. The constant running up and down the field wasn't helping. Each step I took was like a baseball bat against my bladder, and it was getting harder and harder to hold the more it filled up. And I couldn't exactly stop to do a pee dance in the middle of a game. Even if I could, I would never out in the open like that.

Our team got control of the ball, and the wingback passed it to me. I had a clear line of sight to the goal, but too many players and variables in the way. So I ran it, dribbling the ball between my legs, avoiding the defense, finally avoiding Reagan and getting all the way to the goal. With all the strength I could muster, I kicked the ball and launched it past the goalie and into the net! We were now tied!

I let out a cheer but quickly yelped. In all the excitement, I'd let a full spurt of pee out into my shorts! I kicked the ball hard and let my pelvic muscles go just enough for me to leak. A single rivulet of pee ran down my inner thigh, wetting my socks. My cheeks immediately burned from embarrassment. But taking a quick look around, no one seemed to notice.

I had to bend forward to hold it in, but at least we were now at halftime.

When I reached the bathrooms, I was met with a long line of players from both teams, as well as some spectators all line up for the single use women's bathroom.

Seeing this made my bladder spasm, and I quickly clamped my legs closed. I gulped. We had 15 minutes for halftime, and the rate the line was going, I was in serious doubt of whether I'll even have time to pee.

Kayla fell in line behind me.

"Hey, awesome game so far, dude," Kayla said.

"Yeah, you too," I muttered.

"What's wrong?"

"I'm fine."

Kayla noticed that my legs were tightly crossed. She picked up on it immediately. "Ah, gotcha."

Kayla was one of the few people that knew about my pee-shy tendencies. I guess she had to be since she was my roommate. We lived in a dorm with a communal bathroom, so she picked up real quick on me only using the bathroom really early in the morning or late at night, when there would barely be anyone else in there.

After 10 minutes, only a few women were able to go in and out of the bathroom. I groaned in frustration. I really had to pee at that point, and it was took a lot not to just grab myself tight. Kayla didn't seem to need to go that bad, but she sympathized with me.

"You know, there's always the trees over there," she said. She motioned over to the thick tree line on the edge of the field, leading to a small forest. "A couple of the girls went over there to pop a squat instead of waiting here."

"Ew, no. I'd rather turn to dust," I said.

"Haha figured not. But if you're really that desperate," Kayla said.

"I can wait. I'll make it," I said. But I seriously doubted my words.

Only three people in front of me now. Relief was so close. I couldn't wait to rip my shorts off and sit down on the toilet to unleash this raging flood inside me. I was starting to hyperventilate. I was bouncing up and down. I had to pee so badly I couldn't even think. I was trying so hard not to leak again, because if I did, it would be a complete accident.

A part of me even considered running into the woods. Doing the unthinkable. Peeing out in the open. But there was only one person in front of me. A college girl who was there watching the game with her friends. Almost there.

The door opened and the person in front of me entered. Ugh, I couldn't wait to finally pee!

The whistle blew. Halftime was over. We had to report back to the field.

I wanted to cry. To scream. I was so freaking close. But the person before me wasn't close to being done. I could tell because I could hear her racehorse stream from where I stood. How I wish I was in her place.

But we had a game to finish, and I was not going to let Reagan and her team win.

With a deep breath, I followed Kayla back out into the field, leaving the toilet behind me. My full bladder shook and sloshed inside me, full of pee. I pushed it out of my mind as best as I could. We had another 45 minutes of the game to go. My heart pounded. I was bursting, and I didn't know how much longer I could hold it.

Thankfully the second half was just as involved as the first. Reagan's team was relentless, and all the running and kicking and rushing, while torture on my over-filled bladder, kept my mind occupied with being in the zone. Focusing on the ball and gaining control of it. Regulating my movements and passing the ball to my teammates. Wherever there was an opening, I went for it.

Whenever there was a pause in the action, I felt the strongest bladder spasms yet. I bent down, desperately holding on for dear life. I clamped my thighs together and held my breath. I was trembling in place. To the spectator, I just looked like I was catching my breath. At least I hoped so. I couldn't even imagine the possibility of the people in the stands noticing that I really needed to pee.

My crotch burned so bad. My pee was begging to be let out. It was getting really serious now. My vision was starting to blur.

A part of me just wanted to run into the woods and just let go. It would feel so amazing to just let it all out.

I had to think of something quick, because I only had a few minutes left before I fully had an accident. I couldn't hold it anymore. I was stressing out so much. I had to pee so badly.

The ball came towards me. Instinctively, I got control of it and started running for the goal. I went for a kick, but the goalie deflected. Reagan got control of the ball, unleashed a strong kick, sending the ball sailing. Maybe she meant to pass it downfield to her teammate, but instead it flew directly towards me.

I was too slow to react. The rogue ball hit me square in the abdomen. The force was so strong it knocked the wind out of me. But it also directly hit my full, swollen bladder. There was no coming back from this.

With a pained grunt, I fell backwards into the grass. The force of the ball causing all my pelvic muscles to fail. I felt warm pee explode out of me. Flooding my panties and shorts, soaking my legs and socks and cleats, as I landed on the soft grass.

It came out with a furious hiss, just pouring out of me and into the dirt. I was wide-eyed. In shock. Unable to comprehend that I was fully having an accident in the middle of a soccer game. I sat up, and I was still peeing full force.

The referee and several players crowded around me, just adding to my humiliation. I couldn't even speak. I couldn't look anyone in the eye.

"Oh shit, are you okay?"

It was Reagan. She was genuinely concerned that she'd injured me. She offered her hand to help me up, but I remained sitting on the ground. I was still in the middle of having an accident.

"Are you injured? Need a medic?" the ref asked.

I shook my head vigorously. There wasn't a loud hiss coming out of me anymore. But I could still feel some pee coming out. I was tearing up. I couldn't believe this was happening.

"Guys, can we make some space please?"

Kayla came to my rescue. She made sure the other players and the ref backed off. Her and our coach kneeled next to me and checked. My coach took one look and immediately understood. She talked to the ref and they called a time out. She said I had a sprain and needed to be wheeled out. They had the golf cart out and Kayla helped me on. They wrapped a towel around me, under the guise that my uniform had torn when I slid on the grass. My coach was such a real one for that.

They gingerly helped me up and the cart took me to the sidelines, where I sat in my pee-soaked shorts. Our uniforms were mainly black, so at least the wetness wasn’t too noticeable. The game continued without me.

When I was sure everyone was focused back on the game, I retreated to the bathroom. Inside, I pulled my wet shorts and panties down and finished the rest of my pee into the toilet. My wet clothes felt cold against my skin. It was sopping wet as it bunched around my ankles. I felt so embarrassed. I couldn't believe it. I wet myself out in the field. Never had that ever happened to me before. And despite Kayla and my coach's best efforts, I'm sure some people realized what was actually going on.

I wiped my tears away as I got off the toilet. I flushed and cleaned myself up as best as I could. Then changed into my regular clothes.

We ended up winning the game by 2 goals.

As I walked to my car in the parking lot. Reagan ran up to me.

"Hey! I'm really sorry about that. I swear I didn't mean to hit you. I feel awful."

"It's okay," I managed to say.

There was an awkward pause.

"Um, listen. It happens. More than you think," Reagan said, as she gave me a reassuring smile before she walked off.

I swear I could see a distinct wet spot on her shorts as she walked away.

Somehow that made me feel a little better.

