The Teacher's Assistant

Author: essentialred

*000*2020-09-11 21:25

As the sound of an alarm clock pierced the calmness of the early morning, a young girl rolled over to silence it. She glanced at the time on the screen, 6:30. With a large groan, she heaved herself out of bed before rubbing her eyes, clearing away her brunette hair, which was all over the place from her sleep last night. She slid her feet out of her bathroom and into the adjacent hallway. She trudged down the hallway, practically sleepwalking as she entered into the bathroom. Turning the shower on, she waited a bit for the water to warm up. As she waited, she sat herself on the toilet, emptying her bladder's contents with a nice sigh. As she finished up, she entered into the stream of hot water, using it to wake herself up. She was only in there a few minutes before she exited, wrapping a towel around herself.

Quickly returning back to her room to change and do her hair, she put on a pair of skinny jeans and a sweatshirt for the cold outdoors that was inevitably waiting for her. She made her way down to the kitchen where an older woman was making breakfast. She quickly diverted her attention from cooking to the figure who had just entered.

"Good morning Rebecca...I'm making your favorite breakfast for your special day." She acknowledged politely.

"I told you before mom...being a teacher's assistant is nothing special. Most of the time they just sit there for the entire class." The young woman responded quickly as she started to prepare a mug of coffee.

"Yes...but you just graduated high school Rebecca, you finished all of your classes early...that's a huge accomplishment! Now you're a TA for the rest of the semester...and it's the first day of that...so I'm making it regardless."

Rebecca thought better of arguing with her mother as she prepared her mug of coffee, sitting at the table. Before long, her mom had prepared a plate of scrambled eggs, sausage, and toast. The aroma quickly overcame her and she began to dig in without hesitation. As she finished, she placed her plate in the dishwasher, grabbing her mug of coffee. "Thank you..." She nodded in gratitude before making the brief trek back to her room. She pulled the backpack off of her chair as she slung it across her back. Instead of being filled with the crushing weight of textbooks, all Rebecca carried today was a laptop and a notebook. She pulled out her empty reusable water bottle and slid it into the compartment in the side. She took a deep breath as she departed her house, her coffee mug in hand. As soon as she exited, she immediately felt the cool air brushing up against her sweatshirt. Rebecca took a sip from her mug as she started to walk down the sidewalk towards the local high school.

It wasn't a very long walk and it was one that Rebecca had made for three and a half years up to this point. She joined the dozens of other students who walked to school and eventually slid up next to one of her friends who lived nearby.

"Hey there Alice...how does it feel to still be in class?" Rebecca teased, giving off a slight chuckle.

"I only have one class...meanwhile you have to be a TA for the entire semester..." Alice promptly responded back to Rebecca.

"You know they do absolutely nothing right? I get to be a teacher's assistant, sit there for a few hours, and get the credit for it." Rebecca defended as she shrugged her shoulders. "Besides...it's chemistry...that class is an absolute joke."

Alice only rolled her eyes as they approached the brick facade of the school. The two girls promptly walked up the small staircase into the school. They quickly said their goodbyes as they went their separate ways. Rebecca made her way along the linoleum floor as she continued sipping from her coffee in order to wake herself up. Glancing up at a nearby clock, she ensured she was on time. "7:15...perfect." She thought to herself as she peered around into a nondescript room.

Rebecca glanced inside, as she saw a few students already seated. She walked up to the teacher's desk where a younger man in his 30s was seated, working on his computer. Rebecca cleared her throat and introduced herself. "Mr. Engstrom? I'm Rebecca...I'm your TA for the semester." She introduced politely. The teacher looked up and produced a friendly smile. "Ah...Rebecca...good to meet you. Today will be a bit of a busy day...it's the start of the 2nd semester...but we already have three classes that are year round. Only one new class today...which will be 1st period. Otherwise...we're doing a test in one class, an experiment in another and plain classwork in the last period. Does that sound good?" He inquired, although Rebecca didn't really have much of an option.

"That sounds great Mr. Engstrom...I suppose I'll be waiting at the back until you need me." Rebecca offered as she made her way to the back of the class where a small table was. She sat down, putting her backpack next to her feet as she set her mug on the table after taking a sip from it. She shook it around gently to see how much was left. "About half...not too bad..." She muttered to herself as she observed the remaining students pile into the class. Another few minutes passed before a loud bell shrieked out throughout the school. The teacher gently closed the door and stood at the front of the class, waiting for the students to be silent. Once they were, he began to introduce himself.

"Good morning everyone...I'm Mr. Engstrom...I'll be your teacher for this semester. I'm excited to be teaching you all chemistry...I know you all will do great in this class. I've been teaching for about three years at this point so I'm still relatively new. However, this semester, I'm lucky to have a teacher's assistant...she's currently a senior and she just technically graduated..." He narrated, motioning upwards with his hand upon concluding the last part.

Rebecca rose up out of her seat and gave off a polite wave. "I'm Rebecca...like Mr. Engstrom said...I just graduated but I decided to be a TA for this semester. I took this class back in sophomore year so I know what to expect and I can help you guys out if need be." She introduced as she soon sat back down. She let out a soft chuckle to herself as she noticed how some of the male students seemed to perk up when they saw her. She was fairly attractive and had a bit of a lean tone to her. Even in her previous classes, many of her male classmates would steal occasional glances in her direction when they believed she wasn't looking. Rebecca thought of herself as slight above average looks wise but it always amused her on how her fellow students looked at her.

As the teacher continued narrating, Rebecca entertained herself by drinking from her coffee mug. It was early in the morning and she had many hours to go for the day. She wanted to wake herself up with her caffeinated beverage so she wouldn't fall asleep by the end of the day. She simply relaxed in her chair as she listened to the teacher's speech, as it finally concluded. "Alright...let's begin class now."

With that, Rebecca's day as a TA had begun.

(This is the 1st part to a new story, let me know any feedback you have!)

