Girl of Steel

Author: editine

*007*2019-04-12 16:44

Chapter 5

Kara's mind, felt like it was dragging itself out of a grave with a quarter of the strength it usually had. Fuzzy darkness feeling like it had its claws dug deep into her consciousness, dragging her back down into the hole of sleep. Kara didn't open her eyes as she slowly started to remember who she was, and where she must be. Instead, she tried to take stock of what was happening, her memories slowly returned to her as she remembered a flash of crimson hair and shivered subtly, remembering the DEO crumbling, the sound of explosions. That woman... had been as strong as her... as fast as her, was it possible that they had somehow gotten her DNA? There was no possible way of that happening, was there? Kara felt her heart drop into despair, her blood going ice cold in her veins as she realized this could very well be the case.

Even though it must have been hours before Black was found strapped to the chair... they somehow managed to get something, it hadn't all dried up? Unless that woman was one of the metahumans Barry, The Flash, had told her about, then that had to be what had happened... There was no human alive who had those powers. The woman had to be human, there was no crimson-haired woman like her in the DEO database. Taking a long, slow breath before she opened her eyes, she found herself pausing in soft surprise as she cast her eyes around.

The whole room was actually, quite nice? There seemed to be two windows by the way the shadows surrounded her, one behind her, and one to her right, navy blue curtains hanging around the dark wooden frames of the windows. She moved her eyes to the left and saw a beautiful bed, with a princess style canopy, another expensive looking wooden wardrobe beside the large oak door. Kara looked to the door that was directly across from her, noticing a device near the door handle that looked like a lock that was voice activated if that speaker was anything to go by. Dammit... if it was voice activated her previous escape plan wouldn't be worth anything.

Speaking of an escape plan, she looked down at herself and noticed her wrists were bound to the armrest of the chairs with steel chains, chains under and over her breasts to prevent her precious escape method... no doubt they had looked over the footage of her previous escape, although she didn't remember any cameras in the previous room and Black hadn't seen her actually escape her bonds. Though to be fair, at the time she was busy trying not to pee herself and give them what they wanted... it was too bad all that struggle was in vain.

Supergirl tried to move her head, a hoarse grunt coming from her of exertion, her throat still in the middle of healing from being choked out by what she could only assume was a super soldier. Kara made a soft whine of despair as she realized that they even had a collar around her neck, attached on a long chain to the floor behind her. She was heavily chained up, but oddly enough as she looked around she noticed there wasn't an iv bag anywhere... That was odd she hadn't drunk anything, didn't they want her to pee? She tried to feel a weakness in her body and didn't find any. She smirked, cockiness rising in her chest as she jerked both of her arms at once, expecting a shower of metal bits to rain over the hardwood floor, using all of the might her muscles stored, excited for the chance to swoop through the building and make quick work of these so-called 'Villans'.

Then nothing happened, and her feelings of winning evaporated like water in the sun, as the metal didn't even creak, or strain, not even so much of a groan of stress at her strength. The chair underneath her was metal too, yet she felt the familiar hole that cupped her bottom, making her shiver as she realized what she was going to have to do... thank god she didn't have a morning coffee if it was even the same day as she was taken again, she had no idea, she could have been out for days already and would have no idea.

She tried to keep her nerves in check. There seemed to be no diminished effect on her powers from the steel, so she waited a moment and used her X-ray vision, looking through the walls of the manor, she didn't see much, many of the rooms were lined with lead between the walls, was that to prepare for her coming or simply a line of defense in case someone broke into this place haphazardly? She saw some rooms were filled with desks, but not many, some had scientists working with yellow liquid in vials. There was no way that they had gathered that much of her pee!

What Kara didn't know was that they had urine from other aliens, kidnapping them and bringing them here, now that they had Supergirl, the one perhaps even stronger than Superman himself, it was entirely possible they could hybridize her DNA with someone else's, and create a soldier so powerful the world would have no way to stop their advance. If only they had more of Kara's pee, they could move ahead with that new line of revenue, but first, they had to break the poor heroic girl, make it so that she had no choice but to provide them gallons of her DNA, to provide endless opportunities of experimentation.

What Kara didn't know, however, didn't stop her from freaking out now. Kara's heart began to race as she tried not to panic, the metal wasn't breaking, but she didn't feel weak! What was going on with her body?! She finally felt like she had all of her strength back and yet... then it hit her like a truck, how... how did they get Kryptonian Steel? Her body went limp inthe chair, her face... it was filled with fear, worry. There was no way she could break this metal, there was no way she could slip out of this easily.

Kara closed her eyes, a soft whimper escaping her as she knew she didn't quite have to be strong yet... until the door in front of her clicked open, and her eyes met the eyes of the man in the White Suit. Immediately Kara put on her bravest face, knowing there was a chance he saw all of her despair. She couldn't allow him to see anymore, she was going to get out of here, and when she did she was going to do everything she could to throw this man in prison for doing this to her not once, but twice.

The silence was deafening, between them, the tension grew with every single second that passed, Kara tensing as much as her body allowed her, she wouldn't lie to herself, she was much more frightened of this man than she was of the man in the black suit. In his hands, he held a large IV bag, a clear tube, and a needle, presumably also made of Kryptonian Steel. The man stepped closer to her, and she tensed visibly, without meaning to, scared of feeling so weak from the glowing black space rock, drawing a soft burr of a laugh from deep within his throat before he turned her arm over. Kara tried to jerk away, the chains stopped her, but his hand stayed on the soft skin of her inner arm, he hadn't even flinched. Was he that sure they had her secured? He seemed to have some sort of medical knowledge, his fingers pressing into her skin, drawing goosebumps all over her soft flesh before he found a vein.

Without a word, he pressed the needle into her skin, piercing her vein as he held the IV bag higher than Kara's head, placing it on an IV rack she previously hadn't been aware of, the saline flowing slowly into her system cooling her arm and slowly bringing her body temperature down. Yet she noticed there was no kryptonite, how odd... weren't they going to need to weaken her? The saline wasn't tinted a soft glowing green as she knew it would be if it was within the water, and if it was in the water there was a chance it would poison her, they couldn't afford to do that if kidnapping her was so important. It wouldn't be easy to make her pee at her full strength, even the remnants of the kryptonite from nearly a week ago was out of her system, her body fully recovered she might have leaked once the day after, but that had been a fluke.

White tapped the IV down, several times over, specifically so if she somehow got her teeth around the IV, it would hurt incredibly, to the point it might even stop the famous otherworldly Supergirl herself in her tracks. Then the man stepped back, casting his dark eyes over Supergirl, almost seeming to enjoy the way she was helpless. She was exactly where he wanted her, nervous, helpless, all chained up. The sight even drew a chuckle from him as he spoke, wanting to sort of, give her an introduction if you will, to the ways they had of making her pee herself like a child.

"My partner is chomping at the bit to make sure you give us everything we want... though I want to make sure you're all needy, far less will power then wouldn't you agree? I'm sure you remember the feeling of desperation clawing at you right... here." As he spoke he prodded a finger into her stomach harshly, where her bladder was, making the smallest need to pee suddenly feel much stronger. She shivered softly, and the man smirked, pressing two fingers into her bladder and watched Kara as she squirmed, before the blonde growled at him, her teeth bared at him like a cornered helpless animal. Kara was grateful she didn't leak at the first thing he did, but it brought her senses to the need to pee so quickly, and so acutely she knew it would be on her mind for hours... it would be almost impossible to forget it.

"Hardly! I can hold it as long as I need to without the Kryptonite, you won't get what you want out of me easily. Last time was a fluke... you'll regret this when I manage to get out of this chair... There won't be anywhere you could hide from me." Kara shivered but was glad this time Alex knew about the men that were after her... Kara had no idea if she was in the same Mansion that had sat abandoned for years previously, but it was likely from the roads she had flown over to get home last time, and the shape of the building itself.

She hoped to god Alex was on her way, she didn't want to give in to these men but judging by the look on the White Suited man's face, they had ways perhaps. Even more, effective than the Kryptonite filter they had used on her IV bag before. It was a frightening thought, the suspense of it making her heart feel like it couldn't take very much more stress until the White Suited man spoke, and almost made her start to panic, the only thing that kept her from doing so was sheer force of will. She couldn't let them make her a puppet so easily.

"Oh we both know last time was no fluke, we weakened your body on purpose, we even filled up that sad little tin bucket we had for you before. That is, until my partner Black, made the mistake of getting cocky with you, he's learned his lesson now, no silly ropes, Kryptonian Steel, no silly space rock, you're going to wish you had run to the farthest corners of the planet to hide from us, and if you escape, we won't let you see the light of day when we catch you again." He said, while his pale fingers, tough from years of hard work, traced down the links of the chain that held her.

"To break you... to make it so you don't even have the willpower to pretend, as though you could refuse us." Kara tried not to show this man any outward fear as he maintained eye contact with her. It was hard to look away, his eyes like pools of obsidian, cold, and dark. His words brought a fear in her she wished she could say wasn't there, but she knew it was... and it embarrsed her, but she would spite him, fighting him every step of the way until he lost that condescending attitude.

Kara almost flinched when the man finally moved. His shape moving just outside of her peripheral vision, she felt a belt she hadn't been able to see before threaded between the arms and back of the chair. It rested above her bladder, and she stiffened with a mild cry of surprise as it was tightened to a point where it teetered on the edge of damaging a normal person. Thank god she was a Kryptonian, this would have made her bladder rupture for sure had she had normal muscles. She heard the click of a padlock, the unmistakable sound made her try and turn her head, though the thick metal of the collar around her neck made that next to impossible. Though she knew where the lock must have gone, as the man stepped back into her field of view, she noticed a key in his hand, and growled at him, something that seemed to amuse him, as an assistant wearing a pantsuit came into the room.

The assistant's cart had a multitude of what seemed to be odd devices on it, one metallic item, the same shade of silver as the chains that bound her, seemed to be folded in on itself, like a rosebud, and it would expand slowly at the press of a button, a taser... scalpel... and of all things... pleasure items, were all on the cart like they were meant to be there. Kara gave White a look of hate, which he returned with a calm, confident, smirk. The assistant leaving quietly, like they were almost scared to be in the same room as their super strong though captured woman.

"You'll enjoy yourself plenty, Supergirl, or should I call you Kara? I'll let you relax, fill up your bladder a bit until tomorrow, you'll enjoy getting to see how all of these tools are used in due time." With another sultry chuckle, the man spoke to the door, and it let him out, the door closing behind him with a solid click. Her heart dropped, her watchful eyes turning to look at the items on the cart. What did they all do? Would... would it hurt her? She began to become afraid. She knew that she was going to have to endure a lot, that was unmistakable, would she be able to last until someone came for her? She shivered, she honestly didn't know. Kara had never been so afraid before... afraid of what a human with determination and a sick set of values could do to her.

It was a few hours alone before she heard the click of something above her, glancing up Kara saw the light of a security camera flash on, and sighed, trying to get as comfortable as she could on the chair. Closing her eyes, she felt herself slowly drift off to sleep.

A loud splatter forced Kara's eyes open, and she jerked into a sitting position, craning to look at her lap, a wet spot was soaking between her thighs into the dark threads of her pants. She gulped, sleeping was a bad idea, she couldn't even rest without a faint drop releasing from her? She knew it must be the godforsaken belt, the chains around her stopping her from gathering enough momentum to snap the annoying leather in two.

Kara knew that she had already peed on herself too much for any hope that they wouldn't pull DNA. They had seemingly pulled DNA from seemingly nowhere, it had to be a minute source. It wouldn't dry before daylight broke through the window. She didn't have a clock in the room with her, but she felt almost like it was the early hours of the day.

"Goddammit!" She whispered, forcefully into the dark air around her. She knew that she would need her strength for the morning, she could handle the belt, the one-time leakage was just a fluke... she was a Kryptonian! She was better than this! But a secret part of her wondered what they would do to her... she resigned herself to at least trying to get some rest, closing her eyes she let her head relax against the back of the chair her mind drifting off for the second time that night, a few drops came from the chair, her body not realizing it was working against her, not even covering a fourth of the bottom of the bucket.

A sudden sharp pain made Kara cry out in pain, straining against her bonds as something felt white hot and painful across her lower stomach, where her bladder would be. It felt like her skin was crawling. Eventually, it stopped and she looked around frantically, her eyes landing on the cold unfeeling eyes of Black Suit. He seemed pretty pissed about what she did to him last time.

Kara panted softly, watching him, she didn't even notice white suit standing behind him until he spoke, an amusing note to his voice that drove Kara's heart thumping in pure anger, how dare they do this to her?! She looked at what was in White's hand, and it made sense, a taser, and what looked to be a high powered one at that... Dammit, that had really fucking hurt! Why were the torturing her now?! When she got out of this chair she would make sure these men could never do anything like this to anyone else ever again!

"Good morning sunshine, and how did you sleep?" White's all too condescending voice was accompanied by the sound of a metal object being fiddled with beside him, the noise oddly distracting. At the tray, Black was setting up the odd Rose Bud looking item, and... seeming to set a timer before he came to stand in front of Kara and knelt down in front of her on one knee.

Black reached forward and undid the button and zipper on her pants, making Kara go pink in sudden embarrassment, her cheeks flaming as she yelped, trying to wiggle to somehow get him to stop trying to undress her. What the heck was this?! This wasn't what she had in mind with all their intimidation tactics, no fear touched her, just embarrassment to the point she couldn't sit still for him.

"W-What the?! Cut it out!! There's no reason to do this!! You got DNA or whatever you wanted don't take off my underwear!" Her pleas were ignored, as her panties were pushed down and out of the way, Kara tried to protest again, but the sudden cool feel of metal in her urethra made her shiver her words dying in her throat, a mad blush running rampant across her cheeks and nose now.

"There you are, wanna know what this lovely little device will do for you, and us?" White chuckled, glancing to Black to let him explain, Kara's pants were unbuttoned, her underwear looking ruffled. There was a timer instrument that was set on the tray facing her by Black's hand. He smirked at her, chuckling before he leaned on the wall, pointing to it.

"Every ten minutes, you're going to feel an ever so slight.. pressure down there, deep inside of you. We're going to take those muscles you're so proud of, and not weaken you with space rocks... we're going to weaken you for real princess" He chuckled, and Kara swallowed thickly, looking to the timer it was already pointing to four minutes left to go, she hoped it wouldn't hurt... but she knew that in the long run... she shuddered, as the clock started to tick down from two minutes, she felt her body shake ever so slightly... Then she felt the tiniest bit of pressure, it didn't go away, she felt a few drops escape her full to bursting bladder.

Thankfully her pants soaked it up, the men not even knowing she had already begun to bend to their will, but god was it embarrassing, the cool metal having so much power over her and her body, it was truly embarrassing. The men chuckled, White touching Blacks shoulder and nodding before he left the room, telling the door to unlock before he left it.

"Let's have some fun, blonde." Kara shivered, as black picked up the taser from the tray beside her, chuckling as he turned up the power from a two to a three, turning it on, he held it just barely away from the skin of her bladder. Kara held back a whimper with vicious determination, she didn't want these men to get to see her so weak. Even so, she closed her eyes as she felt the taser press into her, and let out a loud yelp, feeling the powerful electricity course through her body from a single, painful epicenter. After a full two minutes, Black pulled away from the taser and chuckled, her shirt was pushed up so he could see the red skin and Kara giving him a glare from the iron chair she was strapped to.

He put down the taser, and she paused as Black picked up what looked to be a small pleasure device. He enjoyed the pink that brushed across her face, loved the fact that she wiggled in her chair, trying to prepare herself was about to come, all the while, the Rose Bud device expanded within her again, her muscles felt odd, it... it was getting harder and harder to hold those stray little leaks that seemed to be so fond of coming out when she least expected it.

Could Kara even handle this? Again Black knelt in front of her, chuckling, he put his hand on the side of her thigh, making her tremble though she would never admit it to him. He pressed his hand up and pulled her pants down to around her mid-thigh, seeing that her panties were already soaked, almost see-through from her urine alone. The man gave a dark chuckle, as he turned the small device on, the soft whirr making Kara blush insanely hard, what... what was this?! This wasn't torturing her this was...pleasuring her!

Black pressed the tip of the device to the lips of her pussy, he knew a thing or two about driving a woman wild, the wilder she went... the easier those walls of defense she had would come crumbling down around her. Kara couldn't help the soft gasp she made, straining her wrists against the chains she tried to tell him to cut it out, that this wasn't funny, but after all the pain, it was such a nice reprieve to feel this way. She bit her lip, trying to stop any future noises that decided they wanted to make an embarrassing appearance until Black pressed the vibrator into her pussy lips just a little, how long had it been since someone had seen her like this?! Helplessly weak to what they were doing?

She tried to hold back from peeing, and from feeling as good as this man was making her feel but it was almost impossible, her panties started to drip, from pee or excitement? Kara couldn't tell you, her mind was mush, the feeling of Black's hand on her thigh to stabilize her white hot in her mind, as he pressed the top of the small vibrator into the bottom of her clit. No matter how strong she was, to try and stop the shiver that went up against her spine, she couldn't hold back the breathy groan she let out, trying so hard not to meet his eyes. Though her peripheral vision picked up a superior smirk, one she didn't mind so much right now, for some reason.

His soft chuckle made her whimper, slightly in frustration, mostly as he rubbed the vibrating surface of the dildo across her clit, Kara was panting now, holding back was so hard, it was impossible for her to try and sit there stock still, but every little bit of obvious pleasure she showed made that smirk on his face grow. Her panties and thighs slick, Black pulled her panties down to where her wetness was shown making her blush and squirm, though no words of protest left her mouth, a secret, deep dark part of her enjoyed being tied up to the point even she couldn't break it. Was this a reward for peeing herself? Or was this more of their plan to subjugate her?

Black pressed his own finger onto her clit, feeling it pulse with her need, he began to rub the tip, as he dragged the tip of the vibrator down to enter her, penetrating her slowly, with the device, enjoying the fact that the all-powerful Supergirl was a weak helpless mess before him. She belonged to them now, her and all her DNA was... no is theirs. Kara was shaking under his fingertips, trying to resist the need to let loose and cum, her body screaming for release, to feel the waves and waves of pleasure she wanted.

She couldn't do that, that be more DNA they couldn't have, she wanted to make every step of the way hard for them in any way she could. Black felt her trembles grow, and knew any minute now she would cum, all the pleasure would overload any average woman ten times over. Yet, Kara didn't come, eventually, she trembled, her head rolled forward, panting, her muscles definitely felt that... even if she didn't finish Black knew that next time she would, and chuckled as he cleaned off the device with a sterilized wipe the cart had come with.

"I'm impressed, you came so close to finishing, it must have been torture not to finish." He teased, loving the fact that he had overpowered such a powerful woman, Her blush was so thick, her pants were so soaked, he was surprised she hadn't come... Kryptonians were made of stronger stuff, the... idea of breaking her down weaker than human level excited him and made him chuckle as he wiped off his slick hand.

Kara didn't answer, too focused on trying to calm down, as the object inside her expanded, bringing with it a few drips into the bucket, making her wince in embarrassment, all of this... their plan was slowly, but surely working. Kara heard black speaking but didn't really catch what was said before she heard the click of the oak doors handle, and she made a soft whimper into the empty room as she was left alone.

He had been right, it had been really close... the whole thing now that she was satisfied as much as she could be...was embarrassing, she... normally wasn't so easy to please... it must be all the stimulation trying to get her to pee! That had to be it... she felt the device expand again, before shrinking, letting her body have a rest.

She definitely felt like it was more... weak down there, every so often a drop of liquid would come out, and soak into her pants, a few where her pants couldn't hold any more liquid dropping down to the cold bucket below. She shivered when she heard the sounds of her pee being collected, her body was turning against her and sometimes, though it scared her. Kara felt like her muscles in her lower stomach refused to listen at times. Spasming in ways that let more than a drop escape, but thankfully they were rare, only happening once, maybe twice before the room around her slowly darkened.

Kara was damp, starting to shake in the cool air of the night, wishing she was home in bed, warm in the bathtub, drifting in warm bubbles of clean soap, she was covered in her own urine, and... it was a low state to be in. Her attention was caught when the Oak door in front of her was opened, it was an assistant and White himself, standing in the dark with her, framed by the light from the hallway. She straightened, waiting for more torture, before the assistant tucked a blanket around her shoulders, avoiding the wet lap of the woman. Kara looked to the assistant, who avoided her eyes and backed away, White chuckled, condescendingly.

"We can't have our prized captive freeze to death, can we? You should know better than that." The assistant looked to the ground, nervous to be in the room with the alien woman, scared if she got out and was angry they would suffer. Kara ignored white, as he left the room, his laugh had sounded fake... the assistant looked back at her, with what seemed like regret in their eyes, before they closed the oak door around themselves. The cold probably would have made her muscles spasm more but, Kara couldn't find the strength to care, focusing all the energy she had on trying not to wet knowing the instant she fell asleep liquid would escape her, cursing the fact that no matter how much she managed to go or release from herself, it was replaced almost instantly just like last time with the IV bag that was constantly hydrating her.

Kara wanted to give up... just a teeny tiny part of her, knowing this torture could drag on for days... Alex and Hank would have such a hard time finding her... she was... she just wanted to lay down, she wanted to be unchained if she peed for them would they let her- She paused and bit her lip hard as if to punish herself. She couldn't let herself think things like that, she had to have faith her sister would save her. She wondered if this is how people trapped felt...would it feel just as good to have the metaphorical rubble lifted off of her as she was saved? She had to have faith, the DEO was rebuilding, it slows them down... but she had to stay strong, she was Supergirl, everyone always counted on her, just this once... she could count on them to come to her rescue.

Kara rested her head back against the chair and knew that she had to stay strong, as hopeless as it all felt. The Rose Bud inside her expanded again and yet this time she barely felt it... it sent a thrill of worry through her... but worrying about it wouldn't help... for now she needed to rest and gather her strength. She had to stay strong for her sister. The night passed uneventfully, and yet, this time... Kara woke up not to pain but an odd sensation on her bladder.

Making a soft groan of displeasure at being woken up, even though her neck had an awful krick in it. Kara looked down to see her shirt pushed up, her pants down around her ankles again, her panties thankfully still on, making her look curiously, a bit too tired to be angry quite yet at the cause of this. It was White, who had an odd device in his hand, attached to what looked like a tank of water on wheels. She noticed he didn't seem to realize she was awake yet, so she took the time to examine the device, to get to know what exactly she was in for here...

It seemed to be a pressurized jet, though it didn't have the nozzle length that people would use for cleaning things that had years of grime on them... it had a temperature gauge? What in the world would this be used for? A small part of her hoped it to be used to clean her up, she felt all dirty sitting in her clammy cold pee pants, peeing into a bucket when her concentration slipped... thankfully it had never been more than a drop, most of them drying up before the assistants could come and collect them on their cotton swabs.

White turned and gave her a smile as he noticed her eyes were open, though it was a smile no one would wish to see, especially in a dark alleyway. She stiffened, not knowing how it would be used, but with a look like that, there was no way that the water would be used in the way she hoped.

"My my, you're awake, you had quite a lot of fun last night didn't you? You weren't very quiet, it must have been so embarrassing... and yet... you didn't pee, but you did leak...a few drops are the first hint that someones about to break did you know that?" He purred, his voice sultry, as he attached an odd looking nozzle to the end of the hose, making Kara's spine tingle for some odd reason, the unknown reason for the hose giving her nerves.

"I'm not going to break... at least not for weeks, you'll spend days and days at this, wasting your precious time..." Kara didn't want to tell him she knew she'd be saved... she knew her sister would come through, she hoped somehow he thought there was no chance of it... his guard she hoped, would be down. Even though she was having a hard time believing it herself, purely from fear, purely from how omniscient these two men felt to her sometimes, how in control they were.

"That's cute, it's like hearing a leaky faucet say that it doesn't have any weaknesses, we both know it's only a matter of time. Wouldn't it be nice to sleep on that bed? Have some food perhaps, all this hydration has got to have you wishing for something salty..." Kara growled at him, glad he hadn't asked her the night before...she could have broken down, all of this stress, the holding it, how horribly achey her bladder felt right now. It was almost unbearable to be a constant fight. She had to, with the amount they've taken from her, they barely had enough to keep having one super fake, no way was she about to break down and give them a whole army to do god knows what across the world. White only laughed, his voice darker then it had been before, as he pressed the oddly curved nozzles outside to her panties, which had finally dried.

"You'll enjoy this little test, I wonder which temperatures you respond to?" Kara realized what was going to happen a second too late, knowing even if she had known there would have been nothing she could do about it. A sudden spray of ice cold water shot up her urethra, making the muscles that were desperately trying to hold on spasm and almost release, making Kara whimper with the effort of holding herself closed, even so, the water that washed down into the now dry bucket had faint wisps of yellow in it, definitely more than a few drops, but not enough to say he had won. Kara groaned as her muscles twitched, feeling their strength diminish, their torture was wearing her away, like a merciless wave against a cliff.

Kara didn't even get a chance to say a few choice curse words, before a jet of then warm water splashed into her body, making her muscles relax even more so, untying all the knots of pure stress that held back her waters. As the water dripped from her legs, a yellow stream fell from the hole in her chair, but only for a few seconds, Kara shaking like a leaf, her anxiety rising into her chest, helping her to hold back from letting go of all the pee still in her system. She didn't want the snarky eyed visage of White to win, she wanted to hold it and hold it until her body gave out, she knew it would eventually... she was Kryptonian... she wasn't a god. But she would fight against the torture until she couldn't anymore, already her pipe... was leaking…

"Ah ha~ Shocking you with these sure does get you flowing doesn't it... trying so hard with that blushy needy look on your face. We both know you should just release... you'd get so many comforts if you gave in to us and peed, a warm bed, fresh clothes, anything you wanted. Your DNA will buy us anything you could possibly want ten times over, and being a superhero is so hard isn't it?" Kara tried to ignore him, but that only caused her to get another spray of cold water in places she never thought could take the abuse. He was right, drops mixed with the water, the bucket almost overflowing now with the mostly water concoction. White just chuckled, enjoying the helplessness of the woman in front of him almost as much as Black had earlier. He knelt by the machine after a while, giving the woman a break, Kara shivering endlessly, her shirt now soaking, causing her to shiver with cold, thankful no one had taken away her blanket quite yet.

As White kneeled by the machine, he added something quite small to this blast, a little clear capsule, with something silver and soft looking inside of it. Kara didn't have it in her to notice it, as busy as she was trying to keep herself from finally giving in and letting her body break down. White loaded up the capsule, and stood, yanking her panties down a little rough, Kara looked up, surprised, was it time for pleasure? A sharp stab of embarrassment went through her as a spray of warm water rushed inside of her system, though the capsule itself never came out.

"Poor Supergirl, trying so hard when her body is working against her. Wouldn't it feel good to gush it all out, just pee and pee until that whole IV bag is empty, and finally get some relief? We both know you want to, how desperate you are to empty that trembling weakening bladder of yours." White spoke, teasing the poor woman, taking a subtle glance at the bucket of piss water below her, he knew that the probe had managed to take its place inside of her... not to give it the boost of power it needed... and to work on her muscles.

White picked up two items in his hands, one the taser from before, two being the pocket vibrator and Kara paused, the Rose Bud device expanding to the point she almost felt pain, and knew any second now, after all of those splashes of water, her muscles would spasm again, they were getting more and more frequent with each passing day. White wasn't so sadistic about his approach with the taser, her more so enjoyed the beautiful look on her face of pure terror when she knew what was about to come... He turned the side of the device with the dial toward her, each tick of the dial, was just how strong the force of the electricity was. Turning it up to the highest setting, he jammed it forcefully into her bladder, and Kara felt herself almost black out. Spots danced in front of her eyes, as a loud shriek filled the room, only noticing a few seconds later that it did, in fact, come from her.

The odd sensation of feeling her muscles jerk and twitch inside of her started up again like a dance that had the tempo suddenly increased tenfold. She gasped, the dots slowly disappearing as her head fell forward, her panting almost covering up the soft plink... plink noise that showed she was still only making droplets. She was so proud of herself, for managing to hold out this long, and hearing the frustration in the huff White made. She looked up slowly, her body recovering everywhere but her bladder, her RoseBud device expanding again, making her give a soft groan of stress, she could feel it loosening inside of her and could feel with every time it expanded she lost just a little bit more of her control... but it would be a long time of waiting before she peed herself with no warning... Kara was going to be the most difficult captive this man has ever seen... she didn't care what he did to her!

White smirked as he saw that familiar determined grin, and set down the taser, instead he simply was holding up the object Kara was oddly shy of. The pocket vibrator, Kara could barely stand the embarrassment of being that weak in front of Black, now she had to do so in front of the even more intimidating White?! Her muscles spasmed, suddenly, much sooner than she had anticipated, and she let her head fall forward again as she panted, three drops this time... her body was failing her, and White seemed to know it.

Touching Kara's chin, White forced her to look at him, Supergirl panting the whole time, exhausted from the constant onslaught against her sphincter. He stroked a thumb over her jawline, making Kara wince, confused at what this man was after. White was a man of medicine formerly, as Alex no doubt had found out in her files, and he showed that now. Kneeling in front of her, Kara let her head drop, whimpering a little bit as she met the eyes of the man who pulled her panties down to her knees, her once white panties were now stained yellow from her pee, she couldn't explain that away as a fluke, she was the leaky faucet, and she knew eventually, this evil man would break her and she'd never hold anything back again.

White turned on the vibrator on the lowest setting, wasting no time with her soaked panties in the way, he pressed the tip of the device to her pussy lips, trailing it up and down, wanting the pleasure to relax her muscles, the man being rewarded with the plink plink of her drops in the bucket, he knew she hadn't gone into double digits with her drops, she was still being quite... counterproductive... but he could break her, Black would too, this woman stood no chance against them.

Kara was already trembling, trying to ignore how good it felt to be teased and touched, she tried to focus on anything else so that she could keep her muscles in check, math... science, the spot on the wall where the patterns didn't quite match up, but she just couldn't do that. Her pained pants turning to shallow little breathes of need that she had trouble pushing back, her legs being pressed apart by White's firm hand. He used two of his fingers to hold her apart, smirking in almost sadistic glee as he saw her muscles loosening then tightening as her body desperately fought to hold back her pee, drops escaping before his eyes to pee in the bucket in front of him. It wasn't enough for him though, taking the tip of the vibrator, he turned up its speed, and teased the area around her urethra's exit, making Kara whimper, biting her lip so hard she almost caused herself to bleed.

She felt a squirt escape her, drawing a gasp of pure relief from her quivering bladder, White decided to take it a step further, taking his fingers, he dug them into the balloon of a bladder she had, knowing that it was so full she was on the verge of losing control, only not doing so from the little bits of relief she got from the daily torture. Kara could barely stand how full her bladder felt, it felt like gallons of her pee were about to flow freely, but she couldn't let it. A strange noise left her, somewhere between a whimper and a moan, and White decided to completely overload her sense of pleasure. Penetrating her with the vibrator, he turned it up to its highest setting, and left it there, making Kara shake from pleasure, shake from the desire to pee herself over and over again just so she could have a rest, a reprieve from the constant onslaught of her muscles turning against her.

Almost as if her thoughts controlled this part of her, her muscles spasmed as White's rough warm fingers played with her opening, a splash of her pee gushed out from her opening, pittering into the bucket as Kara gave out a mew of needy pleasure, it felt so good, just that little squirt, mixed with getting her off, she almost did it again, but stopped herself, just barely. She couldn't afford to give him everything he wanted, she couldn't allow them more than one super fake. Kara's strength had to last even longer, as she felt her body tremble and shake, a ball of warmth in her tummy moving down, just a drop or two of something that definitely wasn't peed leaking out, making her pant, her head rolled back onto the cool metal of the chair's backrest.

Kara knew it would be harder a second time to resist orgasm, she knew it would, she didn't think a few drops would escape her... a poorly timed muscle spasm sent her body spiraling and she whimpered, a sweaty mess, her bangs plastered to her face in the effort she spent to not cum... It took minutes before she could open her eyes again, her body finally calming down enough, her face went pink as she realized White saw all of that little display, including the squirt of pee... and the tiniest hint of cum that left her body.

"My my you sure do like to play don't you, you're getting weaker and weaker every day, how much longer do you plan to resist until your body can't anymore? Can you hold out for even one more day? Two? Three? You won't make it to next week that's for sure, your body is barely holding itself together through the sheer force of your will, I expected nothing less from Supergirl... but I have never come across a will I couldn't break... you'll be the prized catch of them all when you're begging me to collect the bucket, because it's gotten too full" The sheer 'I will win' tone of his voice, made Kara slowly, but surely, bring her head up to its full height. It wasn't very tall strapped to this chair, but she murmured, her voice ever so slightly shakey, her body weakened for sure now, her bladder begging her to do something, anything about the pressure she felt.

"You're going to have to fight me every day it takes for my body to break, I won't pee that easily, I can promise you... t-that." Her supposed to be strong-willed speech was cut a little bit short, with a soft whimper, as her muscles spasmed, her legs visibly moving for a second, before they were left shaking, the tell-tale sign of a few drops hitting the hard metal bottom of the bucket being all he needed to hear for him to smirk even wider. Kara panted, before she groaned softly, under her breath, realizing that the Rosebud was expanding faster. She glanced to the timer and saw that it was halved, making her look accusingly at him in her newly weakened state.

"Oh yes that little thing, we decided why let your body rest? After all, we all know you whisper to yourself at night you're a Kryptonian! Nothing could ever make you pee, you're sooo strong " Kara gritted her teeth, anger pooling in every limb of her body, before she lashed out, trying to strain from her bonds, not even creaking the metal and making a loud splash in the metal bucket, before she went limp, she was too weak trying to stave off the effects of the torture to even begin trying to think of slowly breaking down the steel.

White gave her an amused smirk, before he took out the vibrator, Kara holding back a sigh of relief before he put the thing back in, she couldn't stop an orgasm this time if he did... but thankfully he disinfected it and put it back, she almost couldn't take any more of this type of torture... she wanted to go home... She watched White's retreating back, shivering in her soaking wet clothes, she cursed herself for being weak! She knew if she peed for them... countless lives, on the battlefield and in the suburbs would be in danger... she had to protect them, no matter how humiliating, how uncomfortable she was... Kara just wished her sister would hurry up and save her, how many more days of this did she have to go through? How many more times would she have to stop an orgasm, or resist the pain of a taser for what looked like an elephant?

Somewhere along the line, Kara had managed to fall asleep she dripped occasionally, not noticing the assistants that snuck in and took all the samples they could off her clothes, and the bucket, before they snuck out, the door being shut as quietly as possible behind them. Sometimes, Kara whimpered in her sleep, flinching from some unseen nightmare, this would cause more drips in the bucket... Yet what couldn't be seen, was an item that White had used earlier that day, it had looked mostly harmless, in a dissolvable gelatin capping.

It had been something silver and robotic, something that had been charged by the sudden shock of a high powered taser... Inside Kara's bladder, was a small probe, with long metal 'arms' that held between them like a bats wing, a sterilized metal mesh. Of course, the whole affair was made of Kryptonian steel, so that it could stand a chance at actually performing its job. At this point though, the people that made the device wondered if Kryptonian steel would even be needed, after all, judging from the sounds from behind the door, screaming, moans... Supergirl was already halfway to peeing herself... something even a superhero couldn't come back from.

The little probe went to work, making sure not to cover any entrances or exits, it worked in tandem with the Rose Bud, pressing its metal mesh against the wall of Supergirl's sphincter from inside her bladder, expanding with the Rose Bud together in the dead of night, weakening Supergirl without her even realizing it, more than a few drops would come out of her that night. Kara wouldn't even be able to feel it as an almost steady, weak stream flowed from her body to tinkle slowly into the bucket, half of it though wouldn't last the hours it would take for morning to arrive.

As the hours did pass, morning light washed over Kara, yet this is not what woke her, instead what woke her was the high powered taser being jammed harshly into her full, now weakened bladder, powering up the probe, and waking Kara up suddenly, disorienting her. Her head jerked up, her blonde now messy hair, standing on end just a bit, as she frantically looked for the culprit, coming face to face with Black and White, Black was the wielder of the taser, and Kara tried hard not to lose her cool and beg them to stop, instead, going a bit limp in the chair. She slowly tried to sit up, but for her troubles, got another harsh two-minute long jolt from the taser.

Even Kara, strong Supergirl as she was, couldn't last forever, the taser made her muscles spasm, and it was the straw that broke the camels back, Kara whimpered, a sound close to a broken little sob, of pain, as a steady stream of pee finally came out of her, her bladder so weakened from the constant holding that it too was crying in relief, Kara hung her head in pure humiliation, her body shaking from all that it had gone through as the two men chuckled under their breath. Kara wasn't even wearing pants anymore, those were long gone, now as she peed herself, her almost dry panties soaked again, dying the once white, now pale yellow panties an even deeper shade of golden. Her knees desperately pressed together, trying to stop the flow of her pee, but her body was in no shape to hold back any longer.

The sound of liquid hitting golden liquid was the only sound in the room after a while, her stream going strong until finally, moments and moments later, it finally tapered off to a few drips, and already Kara was feeling the beginnings of needing to pee again, the IV not wasting any time, hydrating her, and it was barely half empty. Black picked up the nearly full bucket, and gave it to an assistant, who put it on a stabilization kart they had been keeping outside the room, Kara hadn't even noticed the third person, so numb was her mind in pain and embarrassment. The two men smirked to themselves, White putting a second bucket under her, lifting Kara's chin he purred, that sultry voice grating on her ears, as she heard his voice, knowing he saw her embarrassment once more, knowing that there was no getting out of this. Kara had never been so close before to giving a villain everything they want just to make it stop... Alex would be so ashamed of her..dissapointed…

Kara opened her mouth to beg to be allowed to lay down if she peed for them again, knowing she had already given them all the DNA they could possibly want, she just wanted to lay down, have a shower... Kara couldn't take it anymore. Even as she began to beg for mercy, she was tinkling still in the bucket, almost a constant stream of pee she could barely feel pittering down her soaked thighs. It felt like she had been trapped here for years until there was what sounded like...a boom?

The whole building rocked suddenly, and Kara's chair dipped dangerously to the side before she moved her body and managed to stabilize it. What was going on?! Was there something wrong in the Lab these villains no doubt had? Kara heard alarms go off, and then the sound of sirens blaring from the street, Kara felt panic rise in her chest, no one could see her like this! No one could see her in such a low state! Not Alex, not anyone!

White ripped open the coat of his suit, revealing across the chest harness with two powerful looking, engraved guns, putting both in his hands, he walked out the door with a simple, furious. "Open!" Black followed, from the back of his pants hidden underneath his own suit overcoat, he pulled a gun with an odd box attached below the barrel, it looked custom made... and it had glowing green lights down the side. Kara knew that whatever was happening it wasn't planned.

The door locked behind them with a decided click, and Kara craned her head to see out the window to her right, this couldn't be happening. She saw nothing from her view of the grounds, but she heard the alarms and sirens of what might have been police cars behind her. Was her back to the street?? Was someone actually here to save her or was it a trick of hope from White and Black, did they still think she wouldn't give in to them? Kara couldn't focus on that now, whatever happened would happen, she still couldn't escape from her bonds on her own, and for right now, she felt like she couldn't go on, she hadn't managed to hold out for as long as she thought she could...

Even if this was a rescue team she didn't deserve to be saved. The relief that coursed through her made her tremble, little pants came from her mouth as she kept up her near-constant tinkle into the bucket below her. Her knees were pressed together so hard, some of her pee welled up between her thighs, and ran between them to drip from between her knees to the floor, making Kara sniff a little now that she was alone... she knew it deep in her heart, her body couldn't recover, even know she felt the Rosebud and something else expanding her from the inside... she was no superhero, Kara had never been more ashamed of herself in her entire life.

The booms that sounded outside shook the building, and Kara heard the sounds of gunfire, but she never raised her head to look at the door... whatever happened, would happen. As she resigned herself to her fate, the soft trickle of her urine falling into the bucket below her, she heard the sound of the door in front of her and saw four pairs of what seemed to be dress shoes? All four were the various assistants she had seen in her time here. They must have some crazy high level of clearance, to be issued what looked like completely automatic weapons, trained on the door with their laser-guided pointers... they were the last line of defense for the all-important captive.

Kara swallowed thickly, was this really a fluke... a joke, a way to break her down if they had assistants wielding what looked to be very real guns? Kara trembled, the faintest hint of her old confidence coming back, and she sat up, waiting, her heart hammering in her chest, trying to ignore the sounds of her pee falling into the half-full bucket... she could wait... and she would help... all it would take was one person... her sister, but from the sound of it she brought hell down on these men.

Explosions that rattled the building to its core shook the place, scaring the assistants around Kara as she started to chuckle under her breath, the assistants were just a bunch of nervous nobodies, they wouldn't be able to stand up to anyone with training, she was the one in piss stained clothes right now... but if things kept going this way, these desk jockeys would be just as wet as her and then some... she kept up her breathy chuckle, knowing she had done enough of her part, was as strong as she could be for as long as she could.
