Taking Requests!

Author: Emizzle94

*000*2017-09-30 12:10

I’m taking Omorashi requests.

There will be NO: messing, diapers, abuse, age-play or anything, AND NO LOLI/SHOTA!

I will do fandoms, if I know about the fandom you’re asking about, but I will also do original stories.

All I ask is that you tell me what you want to happen in the story, who you want to wet, where and how.

Fandoms that I know:

Anime:

- Naruto

- Shaman King

- Appleseed

Movies:

- Batman (Begins/Dark Knight)

- Transformers

- Strange Magic

- Expendables

- Madagascar

- Hellboy

- Ice Age

- Rise of the Guardians

- Twilight

And a few others, I can’t really remember right now.

TV Shows:

- All Hail King Julien

- Knight Rider

- Primeval

- Tom and Jerry

Maybe some others.

*003*2017-09-30 14:14

Unfortunately not :/ sorry

*005*2017-09-30 15:50

{{1 hour ago, diokno44x said:

Hmm, RWBY?

}}

Hmmm, nope. :/ don’t watch much anime

*006*2017-09-30 15:55

{{2 hours ago, SAM996 said:

Well you have the different scenarios I've mentioned in the other thread if you want to go there.

}}

Right well...I have finished your request. I took the ideas of your first and second scenario and kind of put them together.

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/39880-mommy-that%E2%80%99s-my-potty/?do=embed"

HOPE YOU ENJOY!

*009*2017-09-30 17:53

{{1 hour ago, diokno44x said:

K, um, Dark Souls or Bloodborne

}}

Nope and nope, sorry.

{{1 hour ago, _nobody_ said:

What about just a classic school scenario where they're on a bus to a field trip and they have an hour left? The main character can be sitting with her girlfriend and be too scared to tell her she has to go, then once she does, she slowly gives in and pees? Maybe even the girl wants her girlfriend to pee but secretly forces her to? (strong hug/tickles/make out with secret push on bladder?) I dunno just a thought (;

P.S. what fandoms would you/do you write for?

Thanks!

}}

Okay, I’ll put a list up on my OP. Also do you want her to actually wet or just cop a squat somewhere?

*011*2017-09-30 21:08

{{1 hour ago, _nobody_ said:

Preferrably just have a full blown accident (because of girlfriend) if that's ok with you?

}}

Absolutely fine! I’ll see what I can do.

*015*2017-10-01 08:15

{{8 hours ago, The Dark Wolf said:

Are those the only ones you'd do?

}}

?? Can you elaborate?

$$

*018*2017-10-01 21:50

{{3 hours ago, The Dark Wolf said:

Are the shows you listed in the OP the only shows you'd do? The only ones you've seen?

Are you familiar with the Mario & Sonic Olympic Games by any chance? If not, I won't trouble you any more. (Though I no longer have to ask for someone to do Videl from Dragon Ball Z)

}}

Only ones I’ve seen. And unfortunately I’m not familiar with that sorry :/

$

