Girl of Steel

Author: editine

*000*2019-03-21 14:30

This is set in the new CW series, and might turn into a multi-chapter set if it gets well received (or I feel like more). Hope you enjoy!

###

The first thing she felt when she came to, was a stab of sharp pain in her right temple, drawing a sharp hiss from her lips as her mind started to find itself through a shroud of haze. The pain dulled just as quickly as it had come, though it softly throbbed like it was just out of her reach, a reminder that whatever had happened, she was alive at least. Though if that was a pro or a con right now, she didn’t know. Her whole body felt like it had been through a dull blender, a part of her wanting to keep her eyes closed so maybe she wouldn’t have to deal with whatever was about to happen to her.

She let her eyes slowly open, falling immediately on a heavy oak door directly across from her. That was easy enough, once she felt a little better she would smash that door down and bring whoever did this to her to justice, but what had they done precisely? Her memory was just a little hazy, and she wasn’t sure why her head hurt so badly. She blinked blearily, not being able to see much in this dim lighting. The only window in the room had to be behind her, as moonlight threw her shadow across the door she had seen. Was it night already? The last thing she could remember was walking home from work, just a few hours after noon.

Kara raised her head, and felt an odd resistance against her upper belly, blinking slowly, she looked down, a rope. The absurdity of a rope across her stomach to restrain her brought a smirk to her lips. Whoever had captured her did not do their homework now did they? She surged upwards, knowing that the rope would snap like a twig easily, barely any effort at all for her. Except for when it didn’t, she glanced down, struggling again against her bonds, she made a soft grunt of exertion, but to no avail.

Why wasn’t this rope breaking? It didn’t make any sense! In her addled state, she felt panic and fear rise in her chest, worried somehow whoever did this took away her powers. No, no, it must be because she got drugged. That was why, but with what? She jerked her arms from the rests but saw her wrists were tied as well. She growled into the air of the dark room. Frustration was starting to replace some of the fear that had built up within her. What the hell was going on?! Was she restrained this easily? Why was she so weak?

She noticed an odd plastic tube coming from the soft flesh just under her wrist after her movements sent a twinge of pain from whatever was holding it in place. She took a moment, staring at it before she realized what it was.

“An... IV?” Her voice sounded slurred and slow, but the longer she was awake, the more of this sleepy haze she managed to throw off. It was hard to focus like this, but she had to try and take in as much information as she could, there wasn’t much of a chance her sister or anyone from the DEO knew she was here. So she had to make do, and find a way out on her own, hopefully before whoever had done this realized she was awake.

Kara blinked blearily, her movements slow, for the most part, she followed the tube with her eyes looking up at an iv bag filled with a clear liquid, but the connector was glowing with an odd neon green color. She paused, not realizing at first what it was that was glowing green. A filter before the clear liquid came into her veins, putting something into the saline. Kara’s blood ran cold as she saw barely-there wisps of green mixed with what could only be a saline solution. They were weakening her with tiny doses of Kryptonite. Immediately she strained against her bonds, weakly tipping the chair, but never more than half an inch in any direction.

As she moved the chair, she felt an odd edge brush her bottom, and wiggled a bit, frowning as she felt a hole in the seat of her chair. Not big enough to fall through but just big enough to be uncomfortable when you noticed it. Why was that there, especially when they had a perfectly good chair in the same room with her? The feeling of weakness caused her to let out a soft, angry yell, but even her voice didn’t want to cooperate with her. There was no way she could rip this IV out. Her torso was bound to the chair tightly, barely giving her the necessary room to breathe.

Kara felt her heart rate increase and bit her lip to stop herself from having that damned fear bubble over again, closing her eyes she took a few breaths, trying to remember what exactly had happened to her, she remembered walking home, past a few food trucks, getting a call from her sister. Did she get hit over the head? No, that wouldn’t have even affected her, she felt a sharp pain in her lower back as she tried to remember, almost like a calling reminder. She almost passed it off as one of the many aches and pains she woke up with.

Whoever had taken her was not paying for fragile shipping. Kara strained her memory. She did pass by a dark alleyway, and then there was a needle. They must have dosed her up with some kind of tranquilizer, enough for a hundred elephants by the feel of it. Either that or she was more susceptible than she thought to drugs like that. God, she had been so careless! None of this mess would have happened if she had just paid more attention. The things her sister would say to that, it was such a poor excuse to say she wasn’t thinking, she should have been.

Kara looked around the room, wanting to get her bearings before whoever put her in this situation made it known what they wanted. It seemed like she was in quite an expensive place. The floor was some polished wood, oak probably, the walls covered in a white wallpaper with golden edging, gold bell-like patterns going up and down it, that shone just a little bit in the moonlight. It had an air of sophistication about it, and it worried her. The fact that someone with money had her.. means this wasn’t a vendetta against the petty criminals she put away, it was someone important, but who could it be?

She shook herself, and observed her surroundings, taking in as much information as she could get. In situations like these, the smallest thing could make or break an escape. By the oak door, there was a heavy chair engraved with what looked like feathered wings and flowering vines. It was gorgeous really, but why facing the wall? There was only one other table that she could see, parallel to the direction of her chair. It just had a flower pot on it, so hopefully, she wasn't about to be tortured.

Kara took a breath trying to file away all this information for later, as she heard the sounds of footsteps from a pair of shoes coming down the hallway. She braced herself, as the heavy oak door in front of her opened and revealed a man she had never seen before. He closed the door behind him with a calm look on his face. The man wore a dark suit with white pinstripes, his tie was a dark blue with a golden clip of your average diamond shape on it and held an air of someone who always got what they wanted no matter what it was.

She stiffened, as the man took a chair from beside the oak door, and turned it, so it faced her, pushing it forward. The sound of the chair moving was the only noise shared between them. The two of them held eye contact for what felt like an eternity. When it was only three feet from her he sat down, crossing his legs at the knee, he folded his hands one over the other on his thigh, watching her as the silence enveloped them again. Kara studied his face, so when she got out of here, she could break him over her knee like a twig. Being tied up like this angered her, made her feel helpless, she didn’t want to be here.

He had dark hair, shaved down on the sides, but an elegant long look on the top, his eyes were blue, and he had dark facial hair, a beard that didn’t do much to cover his cold demeanor. He wouldn’t be a bad looking man if it weren’t for the look of pure contempt in his eyes. He didn’t seem to be stronger than your average human..just a human who had no idea who he was angering with his actions. After a minute Kara gave in, the silence even becoming too much for her a morbid curiosity pushing her to ask.

"Are we going to keep up this staring contest or are you going to tell me what it is you want." She growled at him, wondering if he would get angry with her, or maintain the unsettling calmness in his eyes.

"Why would I tell you that, so you can refuse me in your heroic little ways?" His voice was like a cats purr, sending a shiver down her spine, though not in a good way. This man bothered her, the way he looked like he had already won. What sort of tricks did he have up his sleeve exactly?

"Well when you say it like that, you sound like a creep. Tying girls up like this can’t just be a hobby of yours, a collector are you?" She tried to sound like she knew more than she did, hoping to get him to reveal something, like where they were. While she was wiggling around, she didn’t feel her purse or her phone on her person, but everything helped in a survival situation.

"Oh? Interesting you say that. I am here to collect something from you, the man I work for is very impatient, but even he must admit this might take some time, despite the efforts we have taken to weaken you.” He chuckled before he spoke.

"You’re weakening me to collect what?" That was unexpected. What could they possibly want that would require her weakened? Every part of her was incredibly difficult to harm. Hell, she hadn’t tried it yet, but supposedly her cousin could take bullets without a scratch.

"What a smart alien following along. Yes, we want your DNA, my employer thinks you are the key to the next batch of super soldier test runs. I think it’s a load, but the boss knows best, I’m sure you know how it is, working what I can only assume is minimum wage for what a newspaper? Or do you not copy your cousins every single move, just most of them?" Kara growled softly, only drawing a chuckle from the man across from her, he seemed so set in how he was going to win, wasn’t he?

"I doubt you’ll be able to. My hair is stronger than steel cables, skin, nails... You won’t be able to that easily. Weakening me won’t take the strength in my DNA away. It’s just a waste of both of our time." She smirked, but her grin soon fell away as she saw the smirk on his face only grow. She felt her argument slip through her fingers as he spoke again. Just who was this guy? A hitman? She shivered only once, not wanting to show weakness, but damn this whole thing. She didn't know if she was going to get out of this easily.

"Oh no, I won’t be needing diamond tools to take your DNA by force, you are going to give it to me, I take it you noticed the chair your sitting on has a hole in it, no?" Kara felt a sinking feeling in her chest as she nodded slowly hoping he wasn’t about to say what she thought he was. She had noticed, but she hadn’t given it much thought thinking it was some torture thing or a way to let a prisoner... oh no.

The man stood and walked behind her where she couldn’t see, making her nervous, until she heard a metal bucket moving from what she could only assume was the back of her chair. The man walked back into her line of sight, and showed it to her, and pushed her leg to the side with his hand a bit too rough for her tastes, leaning too close to put it underneath the hole. She pulled her head away, and glared at him, knowing if this was a battle of time she didn’t have much hope left.

"N-Nice try though. That won’t work. I’m not your average human. I can hold it for days if need be. You didn’t do your homework did you?" She was bluffing. If the kryptonite weakened her like he said it was going to, he would win. She hoped the bluff would at least throw him off. The man chuckled as he pulled away, tapping the IV bag a foot above her head. He seemed to have this all figured out whoever he was, and he had patience. He could wait for her to give him exactly what he wanted.

"You already know this bag is weakening you. It might take some time for it to loosen up those muscles that hold back what I want. But we both know it will happen eventually, there is no escape for you, there is no winning, this saline is hydrating you while weakening you. Even if your super strength wasn’t affected Kara, or should I say supergirl, even an alien has to release eventually." Kara felt a sinking in her chest as she understood what it meant. She was going to give him everything he wanted no matter what she did. The man smirked as he saw the look on her face, sitting back down in the same way he did before he nodded.

"You’ve got this all figured out. I guess you did your homework. What are you going to do? Watch me until then?” Kara was hoping he would leave soon if she did lose this battle. The last thing she wanted was for some creep watching her while it happened. The man chuckled, waiting a moment, before he stood, and patted her on the head, drawing a very pissy look from Kara.

"I’ll leave you be, after all, I can get some sleep if you sleep... who knows what will happen in those wee nighttime hours" Leaving the chair in front of her, the strange man moved to leave the room, the heavy oak door closing behind him with a resounding thud.

With the man out of the room, Kara took a sigh of relief, already feeling the beginnings of her body telling her she needed to release all of this, and soon. The hole underneath her was already making it harder than it had to be to try and hold it.

She groaned and adjusted her hips to try to shake off the feeling, only managing to make it worse. She just hoped she could last long enough to escape or grow accustomed to the glowing rocks poison. She was attempting to think about literally anything other than the bucket or the IV bag and instead look to the wall on her right, trying to distract herself with any mind game that could get her out of this position for a few hours.

###

Kara tried to take her mind off of it, counting the lines of gold decoration to trick her brain into recording information, instead of anything having to do with her primal urges. Except trying so hard not to think about it, made her feel just how tempting it was to release more before she tore her eyes from the wallpaper. She had to try and fight her way through it, there was no other option, she couldn’t let this man win, and she was freaking out a little bit. Kara took a breath doing a few breathing exercises, then another, before she pressed trying to her knees together hoping it would help her at least deny the need what it wanted, unable to do so since her ankles were tied to the front of the wooden chair.

It was hard not to think about it, especially since she could feel herself weakening slowly. This test of wills was near impossible. Of course, it would be, she was supposed to be losing, she racked her brain trying to think of ways to escape, her mind pulling her back to her ever-growing urgent need.

Trying to push sinister thoughts from her mind, Kara thought about how to escape, starting with the basics. She didn’t have her powers, and she didn’t have any weapons or tools. Without these things, escape would be impossible. She had to try and find a way to get one of them. She had to try and find a way to get the IV out of her arm. She glanced down at the rope holding back her chest biting her lip as she felt a squirt dampen her panties. Her mind had slipped in its concentration.

A soft gasp escaped her as a gentle flush of satisfaction flooded her. That was so hard to resist, she could end all the squirming right now, but she couldn’t. If she kept it to just a few drops, it would dry by morning. God this was torture, but she had to endure it, if she didn’t she could risk her DNA getting into the wrong hands, or worse having thousands of unsuspecting soldiers die from experiments. She had to be brave. She was Supergirl. She could be, she just needed to find her strength. If it meant ripping out an IV, it meant ripping out an IV.

Kara gasped as a sudden squirt dampened her panties, soaking through the tight white jeans she wore, staining a part of them a deep golden color. A sharp shiver ran up her spine as she heard three dings of something small and fast hitting metal. She had not been paying attention. Crap! She couldn’t let her concentration slip like this anymore, her body was failing her, so at a time like this, she had to use all her willpower.

Kara thought about moving herself in a vertical shimmy type motion. The rope was above her breasts, and loose enough to let her breathe. If she could get it off she could lean down and rip the IV out with her teeth...there was no telling how long it would take for her to regain her strength, and ripping it out would hurt, but she had no other option.

Kara began to wiggle up and down, shimming her shoulders, it was harder to concentrate on not pissing herself the more she tried to wiggle out from under this rope. She felt another squirt, dampen her pants, dying the white a pale yellow, drawing a soft mew of relief that made her blush in embarrassment. Damn, it felt satisfying to go. Kara was already giving up on the pants she was wearing as a lost cause. Holding it to this point, was something she had never done before, why would she? She had always had access to the bathroom before, holding it this long, and this tooth and nail were all new to her. A chill went up to her spine as she heard the metallic sound of liquid falling into the bucket, a shaky breath leaving her lips as she let herself enjoy the second of relief, her eyes half lidding as she revealed in it for a split second, before the Saline replaced the liquid she had just managed to lose.

A few more tense minutes passed as she waited to see if any more would come out without permission. Every moment Kara worried the man in black would come back and take the bucket, though a part of her wished that he would, so she could give up and just pee. Not wanting to wait any longer to get more of that relief she had felt.

As Kara worked on her escape plan, she almost cried in relief to see that the rope was wiggling up, the sight making her so happy she almost lost all control. Freezing in place, she tried to hold it, but she could feel her body giving up, her muscles hurting with how badly tensed they were. She tried to take short breaths, to force her body to work through this, pressing her knees together, she wiggled her hips, anything to try and stop the oncoming shower she knew would happen.

A soft gasp mixed with what almost could be called a moan sounded out into the dark of the room, this caused another loud splatter of the metal container slowly filling could be heard. Her pants grew darker, a blotch of wetness expanding across the seat of her pants. Instead of drops, a golden stream sprayed from between her legs, making her cry out as she tried desperately to stop it. After nearly five agonizingly satisfying seconds, she trembled, gasping for air as the stream slowed to a few pitiful dribbles into the bucket. She took moments to breathe, trying to ignore the fact that no matter how much she managed to lose the saline pouch hydrated her to the point she had it all back in only a manner of minutes.

Thankfully the longer stream gave her some time where she didn’t have to focus as hard and slipped the rope above her shoulders. Pressing her head back she worked the rope slowly over her cheek, by moving her head back down at an angle. After a few moments, and only one more squirt the rope fell to the floor behind her. Kara almost cried in relief, her eyes falling onto the tube in her arm with a look of pure determination.

Without skipping a beat Kara ripped out the IV on her arm with a muffled yelp of pain, throwing it to the side with a twist of her head, she watched it leak fluid onto the oak floor in the dim lighting. Which was a big mistake, seeing the fluid made her think about peeing and how the saline IV might be out of her arm, but nowhere near was it out of her system. She tried to breathe slowly, glad that at least eventually she would be able to move freely, all she had to do was be patient.

A whimper escaped her, as she felt a gush of warmth dampen her clothes even further, warming them up again although this time there was a sound of liquid hitting liquid. It seemed like her body didn’t care what she wanted, ignoring her to relieve itself after almost an hour of active squirming instead.

The bucket was filling up with her shame, her heart beating like a hammer, the smell of her pitiful accidents being even further proof that she was just barely keeping anything in. A nervous groan came from her as she felt her body giving up on her, not even desperate clawing to regain control would work this time she just knew it. As more droplets gathered on the seam of her pants, she trembled in anticipation, knowing that when she did pee, it would feel so good. Kara blushed as she heard several tinkles dropping into the bucket, before she closed her eyes, ashamed of herself.

Feeling the relief as slowly but surely her shameful display turned into a stream, spraying into the bucket, force coming from the sheer amount of time Kara had been waiting for this, droplets falling all over the oak floor. Her fingers clutched at the wood that made up the armrest, leaving pale discolorations in the wood where she scratched. She desperately fought to stop her accident, but couldn’t even come close, panting little cloud of steam into the chilly room, the bridge of her nose so pink if she had seen she would have sworn it was permanent. As the second wall of relief hit her, she didn’t even care if she woke up the whole house panting, she moaned into the dark room, unable to hold back her noises. It felt so damn good.

Her stream didn’t even slow down as she wiggled, the satisfaction as some liquid swelled up between her clenched thighs, dripping down her knees like a river almost too much to bear. The loud sound of her stream matching the volume of her whimpers and gasps, hearable from anywhere in the room, her hips kept wiggling, only serving to spray droplets of her shame over the oak flooring, as she tried in vain to regain control of a bladder too far gone. Kara’s chest heaved, as her inflated bladder slowly began to go down, not even trying to stop it anymore, she just let it happen, she would rather be wet then have to feel like a balloon about to burst now, holding it that long was cruel, but relieving herself was the best feeling in the world.

As her stream slowly ebbed, the bucket full to nearly the brim, Kara felt herself go limp, relaxing against the chair, her pants now absolutely soaking wet. It had been so so hard to hold it that long. She shivered from the waves of happiness she felt not having to hold it anymore, taking her time to recover she panted, allowing her body to take a breather her strength would return soon enough.

It took maybe in all, fifteen minutes before she felt her normal strength return to her. Her pants were drying to a barely damp feel, though her entire rear was now stained yellow, down the front of her thighs a pastel color of the same shade. Kara took her time getting to her feet, the ropes snapped from her wrists, and ankles and fell to the floor, the chair tipping backward behind her as she smiled. She was free. Kara wasted no time taking the bucket and pouring it out the window. She would never be holding it this long again thank you very much. Supergirl looked up as she heard the Oak door handle open, a playful smirk appearing on her face. Ger strength was back, and she was looking for some sweet revenge that was about to take place. The man in the black suit came back in, chuckling, thinking that he won as he spoke before actually looking at where his prisoner was supposed to be.

"My my, I’ve been told by the guards you were quite loud in her-"

He paused, as he saw the chair empty, no bucket, and the oak door clicked behind him, on an automatic locking system, he had requested so their high-value prisoner couldn’t escape easily. She walked over to him with a far too sweet smile on her face, watching him squirm as she had been doing for hours. She usually wouldn’t do this, but she had, an awful night because of this man and purred.

"Looks like I win...such a shame human." To throw him using the word Alien back into his face, before she took a swing, dropping the man like a rock, she smirked, strapping him into the chair in painfully tight bonds. He wouldn’t be able to sound the alarm, and hopefully, would feel the same desperation she had, the perfect sort of revenge for the shittiest type of person out there.

Kara opened the window, and hopped out, taking flight into the night sky to go home, hopefully...no one she knew would ever find out about this experience, she needed a long warm shower when she got back and to find out who was behind all this. They would regret messing with her, humiliating her like this.

*002*2019-03-29 23:19

No Omorashi in this one, just setting up for a little fun in the future Enjoy!

Chapter 2

A plush tip of a cotton swab pressed into a small drop of golden liquid, turning the cotton tip a pale yellow before being placed into a tube, and sealed up tightly with a twist of the lid. The scientist who had found this was thrilled a chance perhaps? Quickly they showed it to a man in a white suit, with black pinstripes.

An equally intimidating man, in a dark suit with white pinstripes, growled at anyone that came within distance of the lashing whips of his anger, he was nursing a bloody nose with a handkerchief a henchman had given him. He was clearly in a quite sour mood, angry that what had taken months of careful planning to capture had injured him, then dared to escape?

The hitman was just hired help to a boss behind wanting the DNA, but it was almost personal now, that woman had hit him, it was unforgivable. Different scientists were in the room all looked for evidence of where their captive woman had gone, the one man in a white suit standing amongst them all, dark pinstripes making him the reflection of the man nursing a blood-covered face stood up and showed the man the tube. Chuckling almost darkly he showed the smallest bit of hope for their master plan. As he held his prize, they had gotten what they wanted, not the full amount, the woman had quite displeasingly dumped out the contents of her bladder to the flowers below. Something that both suited men found a great deal of annoyance in, though White Suit held his emotions in much better than Black Suit. The two men knew each other, working with each other on hundreds of contracts this one seemed to be proving the hardest by far, purely because of the type of woman.

"Calm yourself, we got what we needed, whats a broken nose for what this can buy us?" Black Suit moved his hand away from the two rivers of blood that ran down his face, his nose sitting at an odd angle. It felt broken, the person that gave him that had not been overjoyed to be in the same room with him. Letting off a growl of displeasure, Black Suit swore under his breath, his annoyance quite blatant, knowing full well this whole ordeal was his fault, he had been too cocky, something of a failure of his.

"That's all we got? After hours of waiting for the bitch to piss herself one tiny cotton swab of DNA?!" White Suit sighed softly, looking into the tube. He tucked it into an envelope and gave it to a henchman, sending them down to the basement floors where a laboratory lay, behind many keypad doors, and retina scans an average person couldn't find their way down there without being gunned down, a super person might even have a few difficulties. White didn't waste any time hitting Black where it hurt. He had failed in his duty. He was the one that caused all of this.

"Yes that's all we got, you didn't watch her as instructed. We would have had that bucket filled with her accident if you had simply stayed here rather than leaving to sleep." White suit reprimanded his companion, displaying clearly who was the brains and who was the extra muscle behind the leadership role. Black suit paused, and let out an angry huff, looking away, he knew he fucked up. His companion had found him in the chair thank god he didn't have to go through all of what that Kryptonian woman did. Though her 'Sacrifice' was for the greater good of humanity, or specifically the American armies who paid quite handsomely for a super strength pill, they barely had enough for one from what was on the tip of the cotton swab. The pretty penny they would have gotten for the crates of pills they could have created, this one wasn't even guaranteed to be permanent. The traces of DNA a single drop gave them nowhere near enough to alter human DNA.

"Although there is a way we could remedy your mistake, Black." White Suit spoke, his green eyes were analytical, scathing, as they fell on the other man. It would be a risk, and it would not be left up to a man with childish temperament. Black looked at him as a medic finally arrived, and began to fix his nose, setting it. Black barely even flinched, he may be one enraged man, but he was a trained killer, taking what he wanted for personal gain whenever or however he could. It was his way of life, and he didn't care who he had to step on, who he had to force to his will to get a whatever he wanted in life. There was some truth to the survival of the fittest.

White tapped his cheek with two fingers, his arms crossed over his chest as he murmured.

"Test subjects 2, 7, and 41." Black's interest was piqued, as the medic put a bandage over his nose that held it in its healing position he stood, moving to the door with White following close behind, both men seemed to have the same thought in mind with the minute amount of DNA they got from the famous SuperGirl. It was possible to have a second chance if they played their cards right, a chance to recapture this girl, but they had to hurry. Time was of the essence.

The two men came to what appeared to be a very out of place elevator, made of what looked to be stainless steel. To the left of the sliding doors was a retinal scanner, a palm scanner, and last but not least a four-digit input code. Both men scanned themselves and inputted their ID numbers. If the elevator sensed more than the people scanned in the elevator it locked down, and an alarm sounded, alerting the scientists and security guards throughout the Mansion. The doors to the elevator opened, and the descent was almost unnaturally fast, leaving the two men on the deepest floor underground.

The dimly lit floor held large multicolored tubes, hundreds of rows lined along the walls of the almost massive colosseum-like space. White and Black moved down a row of tables, the tables covered in files, in boxes, sorted by the last name, the streets they were found on, taken from, and forced to sign things just in case someone cared about a homeless person disappearing, human lab rats, preserved for the perfect moment that they were needed.

The two men walked up to a desk, with a single computer, White leaning down to type in all three of the numbers he spoke earlier. Their most promising test subjects, the ones that had been Ex-Army, Ex-Marine, abandoned by society, they signed those papers all on their own, sleeping in the tubs of colored liquid, large metal hooks attached to a conveyor took up the three men in question and brought them down on pedestals. Black stepped up to look at the three men, and walked past them all, tapping the front of their glass cases their stats popped up on the glass showing their vitals, their strengths, their weaknesses, all of them look hardened, tired, like they had been through hell and back and didn't care who got in their way, being stepped on before by so many men before them.

White came up and looked at all the people, reading each board about the person's body with a watchful eye looking for anything that might reject the bare scrap of DNA they managed to scrounge up due to Black's incompetence. They couldn't afford to waste this opportunity, and they only had one shot at getting Supergirl back and making millions more off of the DNA they would get from her.

Black placed the cotton swab into a specialized machine, pressing a few buttons that let out loud beeps, echoing around the 'hotel' as some security guards called it, at least the trusted ones that had been here for almost over a decade. The machine whirred as the two men stood in silence, White pressing parts of the glass and sent the purple tube, and the green tube away.

White turned to a woman with red hair floating around her in loose curls surrounded by a soft baby blue color. She wore a white strip of cloth around her hips and chest, overlayed with a dress of mesh, that floated around her like the frills of a jellyfish. Her name was Emily according to her spreadsheet. White pressed a button, and the liquid began to drain, slowly. Emily not even waking up as the liquid swirled out beneath her, leaving her sitting against the wall of the tube with her curls plastered to her face, and shoulders. She was Ex-Marine, abandoned on the streets when she couldn't find a job, after forming mental illnesses that deemed her unfit for action.

Of course, mental illness had no bearings on this mission. The tube popped open with a flush of white steam, the woman inside perking her head up, her eyes half-lidded, barely recognizing the man in front of her. Seeing instead a tall white blob, a black blob soon joined it both of the blobs offered her a hand and Emily took it, stepping out onto the lab floor, she dripped blue liquid over the cold stone, immediately shivering she felt something press into her hand Black's sultry voice telling her to take the pill. She looked at the small white tablet in her hand and blinked blearily at it.

Taking a sniff at the pill, she put it past her lips and dry swallowed, looking at both men in almost a curious fashion, as her eyes finally cleared, her brain started to wake up. The moment it was past her lips it burned all the way down to her stomach, where it felt like it bubbled and broiled the acid within her. Her skin felt like it was crawling, making Emily give a soft cry of pain, goosebumps appearing on every inch of her soft flesh. She felt her knees buckle, and the urge to purge whatever was in her stomach rushed to the surface and tore at her insides, but she put a hand over her mouth, not letting her body make the mistake the two men were afraid of, wasting what precious little DNA they had. Emily felt her insides boil then turn cold, the world around her swirling into darkness, her eyes shutting her body fell to the floor, only being conscious for a few minutes before backing into the night.

Black picked up the lithe woman, and walked with her upstairs, to put her in comfier quarters for observation, they needed to see just how strong she was before they attacked and got Supergirl. Black took her upstairs, to a suite with an oddly large plush bed and a window that looked out into the moonlit night. Laying the woman down, Black tucked her in, not wanting to fail in his duty this time. He sat in an armchair by the head of her bed and watched her to see if her body would reject the small augmentation to her DNA.

She had the best chance to accept it, being a woman herself, along with blood type and other genetics White had checked. She was their best shot at this prize, and Black would not fuck up again. Black had a vendetta. White had other plans for the woman she wouldn't get away with what she did so easily no. They could have made millions off of the single pill, even if the DNA provided only proved to be temporary. They had nowhere near enough to make it permanent. When that woman woke up, they would show her the target. They would test her strength, and Supergirl would provide them with more DNA, it was only a matter of time. There was no escaping them once they had a target in their sites, she would bend to their will it was just a matter of time.

The morning was tinting the street in a wash of oranges and yellows, lighting up Supergirls hair with the brilliant colors, casting a halo around her face that she quite enjoyed. It had been almost a few days since that horrible incident she had found herself in, and she hated to admit it, but parts of her downstairs felt sore like they weren't healing properly, and to be honest, that worried her. She was sure even if something were wrong, her body would fix herself, she was Kryptonian after all, she was strong.

She just wondered about what those men were after. Her DNA obviously, probably for some weapon, but they seemed to know their stuff. Who would want to hire people like that against her, would they try again? Should she tell Alex? She bit her lip again, feeling butterflies ram against her stomach. She was stressed out worrying about it. She usually would tell Alex everything. If she got kidnapped, she was sure the DEO would jump so hard on those villains asses they would be crushed but didn't want it getting out she was forced to pee herself. She didn't even want her sister to know about it because it embarrassed her. She was supposed to be strong, the protector of the city, yet she had been brought so low in the matter of a single night? It brought a pink tinge to her cheeks as she thought about it, embarrassment coursing through her. She just needed to go into work, fight some bad guys, and she would feel better once things proved they would go back to normal.

Kara stepped up to the DEO's front door, a coffee in hand, her blonde hair was pulled back into a semi-tight ponytail, her glasses on. She felt like she blended in this way, though now she had no way of knowing if those men had found out about her identity alone or through other means. She didn't wear a mask. If people cared enough to find her and had the resources, there was no doubt in her mind that they could. It was just a matter of time, and she just hadn't caught wind of them planning anything. She just hoped whatever was going on, they wouldn't try again, or she would have a chance to fight them off. It almost frightened her the lengths those people had gone too just to have her pee herself.

Almost as if the thought had summoned it, her bladder ached, and she shivered softly, recalling the almost pain she was in before, but she shook herself, showing her DEO badge to the security guard Kara stepped into the elevator and took it down to the lower floors. She tried to push the thoughts from her head. She didn't need any of this type of thing throwing her off today. It was just going to be a typical workday, she would talk to her sister, and it would be fine. Why wouldn't it be? Those villains knew she wasn't about to be weakened anymore anytime soon, and for the past few nights she had flown home under cover of night, so she wouldn't have to risk another attack. She didn't think her bladder could handle that right now. She needed to give it time to heal up a little bit.

As Kara stepped out from the elevator and saw her sister surrounded by the people that reported to her, the ground underneath Kara's feet, shook. She went pale as she heard an alarm sound in the distance, and felt goosebumps crawl over every inch of her skin. She felt it in her gut that she had waited too long to find whoever that man had been, or who h. He was here, and it scared the living crap out of her. Kara heard the elevator shut down behind her, and as she whipped around to see. The elevator cords were cut sending the elevator and the two desk jockeys inside plummeting to the deepest floors of the DEO. Their shrill screams almost cartoonishly fading down the elevator shaft. Kara grabbed the sliding metal doors with her hands that had closed automatically, denting the metal, though it took just a hint longer than it usually did to push the doors apart. She free fell into the elevator, before speeding herself up with the power of her flight.

The moment she landed on the elevator, she felt it go faster from the force of her fall crunching the metal beneath her boots, the screams of the women inside filling her ears with their terror as she pried off the trap door on top that allowed people to escape in emergencies. This situation felt like it fit under that category. She reached inside and gathered both women into her arms so quickly she that a whirlwind of papers was left behind as she ascended through the large hole she had made, big enough for three people at once if they didn't mind minor cuts and bruises to being flattened in an overly large tin can. Kara flew up with them as fast as she could without hurting the poor women who were most likely going to be scared for life.

Landing ion the floor she had initially stepped out on, the two women fell to their knees, shaking beside Kara's mostly empty coffee cup and her work memos. Kara didn't waste any time, sprinting to the end of the hallway to meet up with Alex, who had her gun drawn, pointing it at the stairs, the lights on the sides of the firearm illuminating her face as dust and debris slowly cascaded from the ceiling. Kara crouched behind her whispering in a soft voice as not to startle her, updating her on the situation, she was going to have to tell Alex about those men she didn't have a choice. She just wished she had done so sooner. She might have been able to avoid this. The screams of people above her flooding her chest with guilt, almost standing up to save them but it was important Alex know the truth.

"The elevator cords were cut, no one hurt save for a large scratch on Susanna's arm. Alex, I know who's doing this..." Her voice shook as she let that slip fear clawing at the inside of her heart, almost wishing she could take it out of the air with a snatch of her fingers, but Alex had to know. Her sister threw her a questioning look. If Kara knew about these intruders how didn't she? Kara whispered once again, fear of her sister losing all respect for her making her words barely audible over the rumbling coming from somewhere above them. The whole building shook with that, debris and dust no bigger than a quarter freeing itself from the ceiling and falling to the floor.

"A few days ago when I told you I had lost my phone and called you from a burner I was held against my will by people who knew my identity I-" Alex's face immediately grew concerned, and then more confusion with a hint of anger. She had been suspicious of that stupid burner phone, and Kara had dodged the question before she had just given up, she knew she should have pressed harder.

"Why didn't you tell me this before?! Kara, you could have been hurt! We should have been tailing them, finding out who was working for them, do they even have any ties to the Army we've been fighting against?" Kara held up her hands in a soft symbol of apology. She didn't have time to be fighting like this. She had to get the information out as quickly as possible so that she could save anyone being held captive at the moment. There was no telling what those bombs could be doing on the upper floors, wrecking everything or simply blocking paths. She was the only one that could help.

"They wanted my DNA. They strapped me to a chair until I h... I peed myself... I'm... it was embarrassing I didn't want you to know... I thought I had more time. I was going to try and find a way to omit that detail... but it's fine, you know now... we need to deal with this more than I need to save my wounded pride." Alex looked like she wanted to say something, most likely, comforting words of an older sibling to a younger one, but Kara was right. She had to save the people that worked upstairs. Alex wasted no time, pulling out a walkie talkie she had for emergencies, tucked inside a drawer of her desk, as Kara ran towards the elevator shaft, flying upwards in a blur of color to deal with the menace above them that threatened the poor people that worked here.

Kara rocketed upwards like a bullet slamming into the elevator doors on the top floor almost a minute later, having traveled sixteen stories in a simple matter of moments. The metal doors flew off, hitting two of the guards that were watching over six or so hostages, she was still feeling the effects of the drug, weakening her, she didn't want to risk taking a bullet. When the muzzle of their guns pointed to her, she grabbed one of the metal doors and hid behind it, angling it upwards so any ricochets would embed themselves in the roof of the room instead of the flesh of the victims.

When she heard the click of a gun that needs reloading she spun only once on her heal slamming the hunk of hallowed steel into their cheeks in one blow, both men crumpling to the floor, their cheeks cut and bleeding. She quickly checked around the more for any that had hid, but thankfully there seemed to be none, even checking under the desks, Supergirl ripped apart the ropes that held them, and took a cursory glance down the fire escape, before she pointed to the window, her voice commanding despite the fatigue she was feeling.

"Single file out this window! You guys need to make it to the sidewalk, call the police, call the ambulance fleet, then go home, understood?" She had to be firm with them, people like this she had come to learn never really were safe now until she forced them to leave the dangerous situation. Kara didn't have time to help them. Instead, she was going to keep going down until she cleared every last floor until there was nothing left of these damned guards. She took a moment, crouching to the floor she tried to listen to the floor below her, needing to know where the guards were before she jumped into a dangerous situation.

It was hard to hear through the thick floor, but she managed to hear some faint crying, sharp words, then silence... bubbling anger filling her chest at the implications, they were even hitting these people that had no way to defend themselves?! She took a breath, and strained her eyes, trying to see through the wall just enough to see four guards this time, two by the elevator shaft, guns trained on the metal doors. Damn, they knew she was here, and she was pissed. She would have to go through the floor. The other two guards stood by the window, though one was obstructed by a lead pipe her X-ray vision had trouble with. So they were trying to catch her off guard if she was trying for a side assault huh? She smirked, slinking over to the window, she waited for them all to shift like waiting was strenuous on their minds. She thanked any gods that the hostages were placed in the center of the room almost like bait.

Kara jumped into the air and then slammed her legs onto the floor sending a cascade of debris falling onto one man, pinning him beneath the rubble, but not quite killing him. Though it sure as hell seemed to hurt judging by the way he screamed. Before the other man could fire more than one shot, which missed widely and shattering the lightbulb on a desk, causing one of the office workers to scream in fear. Kara crouched, and launched herself at him so fast, that just the shove from that amount of force launched him through the wall, falling two stories to the ground below, landing on a car, she didn't waste any time worrying about the sudden slowness in her muscles.

She was so tired, dammit! She needed to save these people but taking out these many guards on her own was wearing at her weakened body. She must have absorbed more of the kryptonite then she had thought. She didn't care though, these people needed her, she cut the ropes this time, with a shard of debris, and pointed to a window closed, but connected to a fire escape.

"Smash the window if you have to, just make sure you get to the ground, open up the hatch doors so the agents can escape from the lower levels, then go home, okay?" They all nodded, a few concerned by the scratches she seemed to have acquired going through the floor even though they didn't seem that serious. Her voice panting slightly, as if she had ran just a little too long. Kara shook herself, convincing herself she was fine, she wasn't weak, just tired! She could rest all she wanted after this crisis was averted.

She stood and went to the stairs, hearing some gunshots below her she hurried down, not hearing any more hostages, but seeing paths and hallways covered in debris, and marked them in her minds map to inform the police and paramedics once the time came to save the trapped people. Kara made her way to the first floor the agents occupied, looking around she saw the bodies of some men in body armor. Then the bodies of some agents that didn't win their fights. Dammit. The sight brought sadness to her as she hoped their families would be okay.

Kara paused in the middle of a long hallway, overturned desks and papers littered around her like a tornado of destruction had gone through them. Across the hall from her, a woman waited in front of a closing elevator, the man in a black suit and the man in the white suit riding to the ground floor. It was them behind this; she knew it. Her eyes met the woman's, and she waited for a response before she called out.

"I take it we aren't on the friendliest of terms?" The redhead didn't respond with words. Instead, she picked up a sizeable boulder with one hand and threw it at her. Kara stiffened, not having much time to react. She reeled back and punched the rock, steel beams embedded in the concrete clattering to the floor, as the sudden stop shattered the rock and covered the floor in bits and pieces of cement. Kara tried her best to hide her panting, her jeans ripped, her shirt ruffled.

The Redheaded woman advanced, Kara's mind flicking back to the flash and his metahumans, having encountered a few before. Maybe this was one those two had hired, or brainwashed into helping them? Kara couldn't take the chance though of this woman running rampant in the building, taking a running start, she took a move straight out of her sisters book and spun once aiming a kick straight at the weakest rib. She felt a sudden resistance, and paused, fear sending a twinge up her spine. The woman had grabbed her ankle like it was nothing. Was she really so weak, or was this Metahuman that strong?

She felt her foot twist painfully, and she cried out, being dragged off her one stable foot to fall on her rear, her ankle squeezed painfully once more, she kicked violently with her other leg and got the red-headed woman in the chest, sending her only stumbling back a few feet. Kara was stunned. She had used that same amount of force on the man she sent through a wall. She stood back up, favoring the leg that hadn't been almost broken by the force of that squeeze. The two women stared at one another, Kara apprehensive about even trying to fight this woman, but she launched herself anyway as the woman did. Kara tried to punch her but didn't get far before her throat was grabbed by the woman, though she wasn't choked as she was almost lifted off the ground, though the woman was a bit shorter than her.

"My name is Emily." She murmured, her voice robotic and calm like she wasn't even breaking a sweat, and she wasn't. How was she this strong? Even the most robust Metahuman she had met would never be able to beat her even if she was half as strong as she was.

"What...are you?" Supergirl choked out, bruises forming on her skin from the ever-tightening grip of Emily. Supergirl struggled, before she cried out in defeat, knowing she wouldn't be able to take this alone, no agents were near her that she saw. Kara kept struggling even as her vision blurred, then slowly faded to black. Emily throwing the blonde woman over her shoulder and moved to the elevator following the men who had given her this strength. Emily met up with the men in the oppositely colored suits behind the building, all the cop sirens and ambulance wails separated by the DEO building itself. It was hard not to laugh for Black as Supergirl was tucked into the seat next to Emily, who buckled them both in. White got into the driver's side, and their car disappeared down the road, their plan had worked. They had gotten her back, and now she would bend to their will, and White had just the plan...
