The Carriage

Author: Ekrixi

*000*2019-07-16 00:05

Chapter of a larger story, if readers are interested. Feel free to submit inquiries or requests for future chapters.

___

Nina moaned as her alarm went off again. Her eyes followed lazily as her hand slammed onto the clock to snooze it one more time. As she made sense of the numbers on the clock, a sudden reminder jolted her awake that she was dangerously close to missing her bus. Throwing her covers off and twisting off the bed in a single, clumsy move, Nina stumbled her way along the room, getting dressed. Not wasting time finding any underwear, Nina stepped into a skirt that hung to her knees, and ignored her bra hanging on the closet doorknob as she retrieved a teal shirt, to match her eyes.

Her dark hair hung just below her shoulders, occasionally dancing forward to feel their way down her shirt. Nina cupped her breasts with a squeeze and a smile as she stared in the mirror. She was a little over six feet tall, so many of her patients were eye level with her little beauties. That often helped distract them from the fact that she wasn’t a great healer. As a kymren, Nina was able to read the minds of others, though she wasn’t great at that either. When she was though, she could use that to better treat her patients than her non-kymren peers could.

A quick brush of her teeth and a cup of orange juice later, a horrible combination when in that order, and Nina was flying out the door.

Her long legs giving her swift walk extra speed, Nina noticed a small twinge in her bladder as air rushed up her skirt between the strides. She enjoyed the freedom of going commando, and would have savored the feeling a little longer if her mind were not on her destination.

A glance at her phone revealed that she was later than she thought. Nina broke into a slight jog as she turned a corner. The bus stop was still a good half-mile off, so she knew it would be a close call. Her breasts bounced gleefully along, unaware of the predicament that a few extra moments of sleep had put her in.

“Ah, muck,” Nina breathed as she got to the top of the hill, watching the bus turn the corner and disappear. She slowed down to catch her breath, the urgency to arrive on time now irrelevant. Once her breathing was back to normal, she called her Plan B.

“Overslept again?”

“Good morning, Winna,” Nina mumbled.

“I’m going to start charging you,” Winna chuckled. “See ya in a bit.”

Nina dropped her phone back into her purse, and sauntered the rest of the way to the bus stop. Winna was a ziwix, which was useful when Nina needed a quick nap. That was how they had met. Nina had complained to another friend about not sleeping well, and the friend introduced her to Winna. Ziwix had the ability to induce sleep to people. Particularly powerful ziwix could even manipulate a person’s dreams, Winna had claimed, though she wasn’t at that level. Anyway, despite being nearly two decades older than Nina, the two hit it off into a nice friendship, particularly because Winna’s job, whatever it was, often allowed her to make her own hours.

Nina fidgeted as she sat at the bus stop alone, a reminder from her bladder that some attention would be needed soon.

Getting up to put her mind on other things, Nina meandered around the area behind the bus stop. She kicked some shrubs to see if anything was living inside, but decided to stop when she wasn’t sure what she’d do if something did spring out.

Thinking to get some more cardio in, Nina did a mild jog toward a large tree in the distance. It was far enough to get her heartbeat up, but still within view of the road for when Winna arrived. Her workout was interrupted when she got to the tree however, as she lifted her knee up subconsciously in response to a particularly powerful protest from her bladder.

Nina walked back to bus stop at a slower pace that her bladder would approve of. As she approached, someone else came running up to the bus stop. By the way she ran, Nina presumed that she was just out exercising, not another bus-goer running late. The woman did stop at the bus stop though, leaning on it to stretch her legs behind her. She rolled her neck and crossed her arms in front of her a few times before bending over toward the street, away from Nina.

“Good morning,” Nina called out, wanting to announce her presence as she drew closer, the woman still unaware of the company.

The woman straightened and rolled her neck again before turning to Nina. She squatted her legs slightly as she lifted one foot off the ground. “Morning, hon.” She did look to be in her mid-forties as Nina approached.

The woman locked her black eyes with Nina for a moment longer than Nina thought was appropriate. She felt scrutinized, and self-conscious. She pushed through the piercing gaze and puffed her chest out as she strode around the other side of the bus stop, to grab a seat. A good several inches taller than the stranger, Nina could be intimidating when she needed to be. Her attention shifted for just a moment to her bladder as she sat down.

“Need to pee, too?” The woman chuckled, squatting again, this time a little deeper.

Nina felt her cheeks burn a little. “How did you?”

“Kymren,” the woman tapped her head.

“Oh,” Nina looked away. “Y-Yeah, a little.” She crossed one leg over the other, as if her desperation increased somehow by being called out. She didn’t want to say that she was a kymren too, since she was in the presence of someone who was clearly proficient at their ability.

“I don’t know if I’m gonna make it home,” the woman confessed, exhaling as she lifted a leg. “Went for a longer run than I should have, you know?”

“I hear you,” Nina admitted with a quirky smile. “I’m waiting for a friend to pick me up. She’s going to have a wet seat if she doesn’t hurry.” Nina stuffed her hands between her legs as she uncrossed them. Her right leg bounced frantically. Being in desperate company made it less awkward to offer herself relief, but she felt that the woman’s desperation was making hers worse, too.

“We’re doomed if we don’t change the subject,” the woman laughed as she sat next to Nina. “You seem sweeter than you first let on. That’s why I read you,” she tapped again.

“Yeah, my size does that,” Nina smiled, her leg calming down. “I’m a healer, actually. So the opposite of hurting people.”

“Huh,” the woman seemed sincerely impressed. “We actually have need for a healer if you’re interested. Ever heard of The Carriage?”

“This is an awkward circumstance for a job interview,” Nina pursed her lips together. “But no, I haven’t.”

“A welcome distraction though, right?” Nina nodded. “We’re a service company that provides labor to other locations. Sometimes our labor gets injured, which is where you could come in. They aren’t always able to afford a healer, so we could provide your service, and we’ll pay you in their stead.”

Nina considered. “Honestly, I’d love the opportunity. Don’t really see myself going anywhere in the company I work for now.” Especially if she keeps arriving late to work, Nina thought. She dismissed the thought quickly, in case the woman was reading her again.

“Great!” The woman closed her eyes with a smile. “I’ve got a card here somewhere,” she pulled a small container out of her shorts pocket, lifting her knee up with a moan as her bladder was crunched momentarily. “Here you go!” she declared as she shoved the other hand with the container between her legs.

Nina thanked the woman, who introduced herself as Norida, as she considered herself oddly fortunate for missing her bus today. Had she not, she never would have met this woman. As Nina put Norida’s card in her purse, she heard her phone buzz.

“Come on,” Nina didn’t mean to say out loud.

“What’s wrong?” Norida asked as she forced herself to slowly stand.

“I just got a text from my friend,” Nina sighed, dropping her phone back into her purse. “Something at work came up, and she can’t be my ride.”

“Hon, I’m sorry,” Norida put a hand on Nina’s shoulder, then quickly shoved it between her legs. “Were you on your way to your job, by chance?”

“Actually, yes.”

“Then it doesn’t really matter, does it?” Norida grinned.

Nina smiled too. She hadn’t thought of that. What were they going to do if she didn’t show up today? Give her reason to start for Norida even sooner?

“Well I need to keep moving,” Norida headed off opposite the direction she had come. “I think there’s a gas station up here. Or at least some bushes.” She laughed. Nina blushed at the thought. “Come by The Carriage tomorrow and ask for me, or give the office a call and let us know when you can. I’ll look forward to working together!” A moment of realization hit her face. Then she pointed to Nina, then herself, back and forth. “Not a word to anyone about our little… situation, though.”

“Of course,” Nina laughed, her bladder reminding her that laughter wouldn’t be tolerated right now. “Actually,” Nina stood up abruptly and clenched her thighs together, “I think I might join you in that gas station search.”

“Glad for the distraction, hon,” Norida nodded her head toward the direction they were going, but put a finger to Nina’s chest. “But I call dibs when we get there.”

Nina’s bladder screamed in defense, but she agreed and they began their desperate journey down the hill. They chatted more about what Nina would be doing, and about Norida’s role in the company. While it was indeed a nice distraction, a part of Nina wished she was alone, so she could just shove her hands down her skirt. She figured Norida thought the same thing though, then again pushed the thought from her mind, in the presence of an experienced kymren.

What neither of them wanted though was more company, hence the collective groan as they saw a gentleman making his way casually toward them, from a side street. They couldn’t go any faster, and they dared not go slower, so they knew their paths were going to intersect.

Norida gasped as she doubled over, frozen in place. Nina was almost to that point as well. They couldn’t afford any delays. They may not make it to the gas station as it was.

Nina let out a soft gasp as her bladder started spasming. “Plan B!” she cried out as she abandoned her future employer, to run up to a nearby house. Each step was agony, but Nina powered through it, for both their sakes.

“Please! Open the door!” She kept pounding, a hand shoved inside her skirt. She could feel wetness on her fingertips.

Nina turned back to Norida. The gentleman had reached her and looked like he was talking to her. Nina was surprised to notice the wet ground under Norida. Surprisingly, she didn’t seem at all affected by the accident. She wondered if the gentleman had anything to do with it.

It was too late for Norida. But Nina still had time. Seconds. But still time.

No one inside answering; Nina interpreted that to mean no one was home. She hobbled around the side of the house, shielded from the neighbors by a privacy fence. She took another glance into the house, seeing no one, and hiked up her skirt as she squatted. As she relieved herself, she was thankful for not needing to hassle with any underwear right now.

Cutting herself off before she was caught, she lowered her skirt back down and stepped around the puddle she’d created. The ground was dry with little vegetation, so the new wetness was quite noticeable. She grabbed herself and massaged her angry bladder for a moment before she came back into view. Norida and the man were still engaged between themselves, so Nina just walked over to another house. She knocked on the door, with much less urgency this time.

She turned back to the couple in the street. Whoever he was, Norida seemed to be comfortable around him. They talked kindly to each other. She even heard Norida laugh. Nina decided to regard him as a friend. Her attention returned to the house as the door opened.

It was a kid.

“Umm, hi,” Nina straightened and composed herself, feeling it was improper to hold herself in front of a 10-year-old. She debated on whether to ask for his parents, ask him, or just barge in. Her fists clenched as she lifted a knee up, level with the kid’s chest. He openly stared at her. She was reminded of the low-hanging fruit on her chest and again straightened herself, blushing.

Preoccupied with the kid and her bladder, Nina hadn’t noticed the man quietly arriving behind her. She jumped in surprise, which is never advised for someone needing to pee, as his arm arrived next to her, reaching for the kid. With a sudden thwack, the man flicked the kid on the forehead.

“It is rude to stare so openly at a woman in distress,” the man’s smooth voice explained his assault. He was older, maybe fifties Nina thought, as she saw him with more detail now. He had his black hair tight in a long braid, hanging to his waist. She saw freckles on his face, which she thought odd for a man his age. She was calmed somehow by his eyes. They were pink, and soft, like a newborn child. After it had been rinsed, of course. Her bladder ached at the idea of water.

“This is Petras,” Norida’s voice explained. Nina turned around, taking the excuse to squeeze a hand between her legs outside of the boy’s gaze. Petras took the time to further educate the boy on proper behavior. “I checked him,” Norida tapped her head, “but he’s assured me that he’s a friend.”

Nina’s eyes dropped to Norida’s waist. Her legs were wet, but her clothing was too dark to betray a stain. “Perks of wearing black, right?” Norida lifted an edge of her wet shorts, then let it snap against her. She held up a finger. “Again, not a word of this at the office. I will disown you.”

Nina smiled, bending at the leg. “You may have grounds for blackmail in a moment.”

“I’m surprised you’ve held on this long, hon,” Norida admitted.

Nina blushed. “I may have…let some out…” she trailed off, nudging her head to the empty house next door.

“That’s cheating,” Nina put her hands on her hips.

Nina’s attention was suddenly caught by something Petras had said to the boy. She didn’t quite catch what it was, but something felt off about him. Norida already said she’d read him, but that was when he knew he was under someone’s attention.

Slowing her breathing, she continued making facial reactions to Norida as if listening to her, but Nina’s attention was on the man. She asked Norida what she liked about The Carriage, to keep her talking, and didn’t listen to her answer. She was starting to pick up on some of his thoughts, but they were fragmented and out of order. Nothing made sense. She wished she were better at this.

Her eyes went open with realization at finally getting some sense of Petras’ thoughts, but as she turned around, she froze. A large, withered hand gripped the side of the door and pulled it open further, standing behind the child. As tall as Nina was, she wasn’t even up to this man’s shoulders. His white hair was short and spiky, higher up than she was able to reach. One red eye looked lazily down at her, it’s eyebrow slightly arched. The other eye was covered with a patch. Wrinkles betrayed the great age and fatigue that this mountain of a man carried, though he was certainly anything but feeble. In her peripheral, Nina saw Petras back up a step. Nina felt a trickle run down her leg.

“Yes?” The large man breathed, annoyance and curiosity both catching Nina’s ear.

Another spasm forced Nina to grab herself. Her cheeks burned. She couldn’t move. What was she going to do? She was moments away from losing control, in front of everyone. Unlike Norida, it would definitely be noticeable on her skirt, not to mention that she was literally the center of attention right now.

“She wants to come inside, grandfather,” the boy spoke, extending a hand to her. She found it odd that he didn’t ask for his grandfather’s permission, but simply asserted the fact. Before the tall man could say otherwise, she gladly took the boy’s hand with the one that wasn’t between her legs. Mortified at how close she was, she hobbled along under the grandfather’s gaze, as the boy nonchalantly led the way.

Nina hadn’t noticed how large the house was from the outside; she was just trying to find relief. Whoever these people were, they were certainly well off. She sat her purse on the ground against the wall, half-expecting to see servants walking about. Nina wondered if The Carriage supplied labor to people like this. A sudden gasp from her bladder’s insistence made the boy look at her, puzzled. His grandfather remained at the door, a warden against any other guests.

“Hon, I’m going to get going,” Nina heard Norida call out. “See you tomorrow!”

“Thanks again!” was all Nina could muster. She wasn’t sure if it was even loud enough for Norida to hear. She paused for a second, pulling her hand out the boys and stuffing it between her legs also as she squatted. The boy looked at her, puzzled, not fully comprehending her predicament. She noticed his eyes eventually finding her breasts again, peeking out at him as she doubled over. She didn’t care. She was almost there.

“We hate to be a further burden on you,” Nina heard Petras tell the tall grandfather. “Let me assist my friend, and we will get out of your hair.” She remembered catching thoughts of ill intent in his mind when she was reading it. What was he planning? The grandfather grunted his approval as Petras casually strode toward Nina.

Painfully, she straightened, removing her hands. She didn’t trust him anymore. She couldn’t keep from shifting her weight between each foot as she tried to figure out where the bathroom was, while also watching the approaching threat. Leo stood transfixed as the naughty view he’d been entertained by, and offered no further help. “I’m fine,” she told Petras as she hobbled toward a nearby hall, hoping that it contained a bathroom. She shoved her hand down her skirt, now with everyone behind her. She could feel her lips quivering down there as they struggled against the coming flood.

“I’m sure you are,” Petras was already upon her as she reached the first door, which appeared to be a bedroom. “But let me assist you nonetheless.” He put an arm tenderly on her back, pushing her forward faster than she was comfortable going. She dared not remove her hand at this point, feeling pee run down her wrist. “Now then,” he mumbled once out of earshot of the boy’s prying attention, “I will see to it that you lose control right here if you don’t do exactly as I say.” He pressed a hand against her bladder as he reached for a door next to her. She heard the warm hiss erupt, drenching her hand. She gasped hard as she doubled over, shaking to regain control. “Do we understand each other?”

Losing interest to just seeing two backs, Nina heard the boy walk off. She was now alone with Petras. “What-,” She gasped, her eyes tight with concentration. “-do you want?” Petras opened a door behind him, revealing the bathroom. She whimpered at being so close to relief. She stuck the other hand down her skirt also.

“It involves this family,” Petras whispered, a hand softly rested on top of hers, outside her skirt. He pushed gently, as she felt more pee come out. “When you’ve relieved yourself, you will help me. Otherwise,” he pushed again. She gasped and tried to push past him, but he wedged her against the door. She heard pee hitting the tile at her feet. “I will be waiting outside the house when you’re done, and will take your skirt and shirt. I have no need for your undergarments, so you can go about your day in those.”

Nina turned crimson as she recollected that she wasn’t wearing any undergarments. Walking back home stark naked terrified her. She thought about trying to overpower him, once she had relieved herself, but she didn’t know if she wanted to risk it.

Another push. Another burst of pee. Both of her hands were wet. She saw a little wet spot on the front of her skirt, from what had forced itself through her hands. She was out of time.

“Okay okay okay,” Nina danced, unable to stop the slow leak that had started. “Now let me go!” She wrenched away as he released his grip, and dripped over to the toilet. He refused to shut the door though when she demanded it. He turned around though, to give her some privacy, but explained that he must convey his request before she was done, as what she needed to do started immediately.

