Dystopia - A True Gentleman

Author: eucoloco

*000*2024-10-02 06:06

Dystopia - A True Gentleman

Author's brief intro

This is my first serious attempt to write some omorashi stories. As it's DYSTOPIA fiction (my preferred), don't take it too serious. I'm basically writing it because I need to have some kinda "dark" omorashi fetish stuff out in the paper. Actually one of the best things to mmm... get me going (fast! lol) is a well-written omorashi. Please, be gentle.

This is basically about MALE OMORASHI. It may have some female omorashi, but it's not gonna be the main point (as usually it's the other way around).

I don't share the characters points of view. This is just to feed my dark fantasies. If you don't like some of it, please skip it.

Disclaimer: (i) if you're underaged yadda yadda... you know it; (ii) most importantly, it may be vaguely inspired on other people's mostly discontinued writing, if you ask me I'll remove it or change the course of the story, but there's no intention of copying it (I just feel like I need this kind of content for me, myself, to reread it, and hopefully to cheer some of you).

Chapter 1 - A True Gentleman

Brahe City isn't a busy metropolis, but it isn't a quite place either. The people in power there are low key about the city, it's no famous touristic big hit, but it sure is a wealthy place with opportunity, good jobs, lots of offices and all the pleasantries one might want or need. That, naturally, makes it the perfect place for the elite, for the workers, for the newcomers and so on.

As a commercial logistics manager, in a high position job, we have, at the office in question, Mr. Vanderluss. As it is expected from such a leading position job in a fancy office, he has a beautiful family at home. He usually is dressed with a smart nice white shirt, or at least a very light colored shirt - this afternoon it's white - and some pants to match his suit (and a tie in the drawer, in hand, in case a client appears).

It would look like it's all perfectly normal. But it's not just normal, Mr. Vanderluss would tell himself it's better than average, better than most, more elevated, let's say, for those who are in the subtle etiquette of this wealthy city, and somehow, in control of it.

Need, control... those are some of the most opposite and beautiful words that run this society and local uses.

If he were to tell exactly, his routine, or the events of the day, in detail, he woke up at 6 am, well, used the toilet, brushed his teeth, took a quick shower, like everyone else would do, he hit the gym early this morning, one more victory, and a bottle of water gone as one never gets dehydrated during the day, at any times. as it must be. He got back home as his wife made breakfast and the kids (almost adults, but still) had already left for school/college. Used the toilet again, took a shower, again, of course, changed into his smart clothes for another office day. That was around 8 am. He got a cup of coffee, a tall glass of orange juice, along with the usual, bread, etc. He got to his car and arrived at the office around 9:30 am, as he usually does or a bit later.

Well, e-mails, calls, lunchtime with a big soda, absentmindedly, another cup of coffee after lunch, as it usually is, before a big meeting. A toilet break before a big meeting, "as usual"? No way, not in Brahe City, not for him. As usual, the meeting was all with water and coffee being refilled by the secretary. They didn't close the deal, yet, but he was pleased and right back to his office, to his desk, with a few phone calls to return, more e-mails and he should really review a few reports from the regional managers and make one or two, but he was ahead of time in his perfectly organized agenda.

He wouldn't think of going early home. A boss must set the example, after all, in an almost all glass, glass walls, floor, he has a good look on everyone's desk and some colleagues offices, and the opposite is true. Actually, his mind wondered about it...

"John? John!" his boss was calling with the head by his office's door.

"Oh, sorry Mr. Wealty", he quickly got back to reality.

"I told you, please call me Walter" his superior replied. "Please follow me quickly to my office".

He got up a bit tense, but other than that he followed his boss.

As his boss was sitting on his chair, he was showing the issue at the computer screen to John. John didn't bend closer to the screen, just listened to it and looked at the screen from arms distance, standing still.

"Well, i think you should raise it in 450, Mr. Wealty and mmm..." he pause for a second or two "...as for the calculation, you could send me by e-mail and I'll check it."

Mr. Wealty adjusted himself in the chair "Wanna take a sit John?"

"No, thanks, sir".

"Well, it's kinda of complex to resolve at this time of the day" Mr. Wealty said. John looked at the clock on the wall. It was already 4:00 pm. Mr. Wealty adjusted himself in his chair again, took a breath and continued "Let's check this later. I guess for now I'll just reply some e-mails with easier stuff". He said as he uncrossed his legs and crossed to the other side.

"Yeah, I probably should do the same." John said. As he was getting back to his office he got a small cup of coffee and half a glass of water. He drank the coffee in a medium gulp and took the glass to his office with him. He sat down and crossed his legs as he was sitting, as men normally do, casually as his right foot was moving.

He checked his cellphone and no messages from home or anything important. He decided to check the news.

He would always conclude that this world is already lost, as that's all about riots, thefts, unpleased people. There was even a fire in a car in front of the parliament in the capital, and a big picture of a firefighter gushing water with a hose. He uncrossed his legs again, he bent slightly to scratch a light itch in his right knee, and crossed his legs, casually, again.

He changed the news website to the traveling session for a bit and the two themes were a lake in the mountains or the beach. Well, he sighed and adjusted himself in his chair, enough of it. There's work to be done, even if the simple tasks, good to move on with it. He, abusenmindedly took two sips of water and got up.

John walked a bit around the floor, as he usually does at some point during the afternoon, today delayed due to the previous big meeting. He greeted one or two workers that he didn't have the chance to see during the day, as he passed by their cubicles.

He stopped to answer one or two doubts of a co-worker at her cubicle. He probably stood there, with an elbow on the divider and his right foot in front of his left one, another hand on his belt, his side, his thigh or making small gestures. When he got back to his office, he checked it was already 4:50 pm: 9 hours since his last shower and breakfast, he thought to himself quietly. As he was sitting, he put his hands no his thighs and bent over a bit, as if to relax his shoulders, for a good thirty seconds and slowly got to his rigid sitting position. He got to return a call.

He was adjusting himself in his chair, crossing and uncrossing his legs, then crossing it to the other side and then back again. When he realized he was hitting the paper with a pen, making noise, he stopped it.

Well, 5:10, the time allowed him to open the first button of his shirt collar and breath heavily a bit. And to the second call. The water from the glass was gone. He thought about refilling it. As he was in logistics it was quick math, since 8 am, 150 ml coffee, 300 ml juice, 300 ml water, 350 ml soda, at lunch, 400 ml water and 200 ml coffee at the meeting, plus 50 ml coffee a few moments ago and just finished 150 ml water, 1.9L. He had his hand on his crotch for no reason, no urgent reason... so he realized it and put his hands on the desk again. A little more than usual, due to the meeting, he thought to himself.

He had his thighs pressed together sitting on his chair as he was talking during his second call. He was bending a bit to scratch his thigh as he would rest his hand casualy in his thigh, close to his lap. And he would straighten his sitting position again and bend a little.

Well, 5:40, people are starting to settle their stuff to leave and call it a day and make the office more quiet. A few more minutes, a few more e-mails and time to go home. And he removed his hand from his crotch yet again to use the keyboard and the mouse.

And there was an e-mail with a big trading question, that he didn't want to leave for tomorrow, to pile with other things on his neat schedule. Besides, it was complex and long but he wouldn't need any search material. He got to worked up on writing it, with his shoes off, black socks on his feet, bending a bit, absentmindedly on his chair, stretching his legs with crossed glued thighs.

One last reading and sent, he said to himself to call it a day. 6:20, he checked on the clock on the wall. He got up slowly, got his shoes back on, 'adjusted himself', thought of loosing a notch of his belt but decided against it, after all, he was 'almost home'. He left his suit hanging on his chair, got his case.

As there was basically no one at the office, he took his case and walked 'adjusting himself' again and again. It brought him some relaxation because of mmm... his long shift, he said to himself.

"Hi, Mr. Vanderluss" he got a bit surprised, case in his right hand, and as reflection his left hand pressed his fingers around his members through his pants. He could feel he was a bit tense and the slightest warm skin under his belt and shirt around his navel, but he was very familiar with the feeling. He quickly put his hand on his side, with a stiff position.

"Hi, Derek" he replied to the security man, as he was approaching the garage. It was very important to be polite and considerate to all and not to interrupt as they're speaking, as much as possible.

"Bad time for the Jets, huh?" Derek said.

"Yeah, this football season is far from the best for our beloved hometown". He replied, standing, his left foot in front of the right one, legs slightly crossed, with both hands holding the case strap, and nodding as Derek commented on the last match. He finished the conversation with a polite laugh and a wave.

Talking about a wave, as he had his back to the man, he gave a 'good adjusting' to his middle section. He considered again but no, no loosening belt as I'm almost home.

So oblivious to all, but a good guy, this Derek. John thought to himself.

As he got in the privacy of his car, he dropped his case in the passenger's seat, and used his right hand to handle the wheel.

He took his hand off the wheel and used the same hand to get his cellphone and take a look at his notes. Oh, true, he promised he would buy special bread at the bakery on the way home.

Right hand only back in the wheel, that was more 'comfy' somehow and in a few minutes he arrived at the bakery. As he parked the car, he 'adjusted himself' very well, as he didn't want any band of his briefs to bother him, of course.

He got out of the car, bending and holding his weight against the door for a bit, looked up, took a deep breath and said to himself, that's gonna be quick. He checked on his watch, 6:40 pm. He last got his privacy at 8:10 am, so 10:30 ago, it was all perfectly normal, well, maybe not the extra water and extra coffee at the meeting room, but better not to think about it, specially on work days evenings.

He waited, casually crossing his legs, at the counter. Got the bread. Made a mental check, but no he didn't forget anything to have to get back, it was just it. His office days were mmm kinda stressing, so usually by this time of the evening he would have to pay extra attention not to zone out nor forget anything. Actually a bit earlier, as by this time he would be already home in a normal day... to have a comfort break... not time to think of it, paid for the goods, and cleaning that thought of his mind he walked a bit rigid position but composed back to his car. Again, as usual when he's alone at the car, a quick grab, mmmm not so quick, it felt good. That was only because he was a contented man, he said to himself, that would be more contented after getting home and er... relax. Another intrusive thought he got out of his mind... tried to, as he drove and passed each traffic light.

His cellphone buzzed but he didn't want to check it now. After all, that was probably his wife and he was already parking the car.

She was smiling by the door to greet him after a work day. She knew sometimes only a smile and a quick nod would suffice and he would rush home, as 'not m a rush' and politely as possible. But he didn't want her to think less of a man of him, as much as possible, at that moment, for example.

So he kissed her on the cheek, lightly placing his arm and hand on her shoulder and backing for a straight position again, as she would expect. She wouldn't ask about his day with him by the door or just as he arrived. If he wasn't feeling 'too tired' he would start some light conversation in the living room, if not he would just go upstairs and get back refreshed in a few minutes for all they wanted to chat about, of course.

"Oh, Did you bring the bread?" only she quickly asked.

"Oh, yeah" he said after a quick breath, a quick grunt, and bent over a bit. He straightened and forced a smile. "It's in the car." he continued.

"Oh, I'll grab it." she replied.

"Oh, no no. I'll take it." he replied and forced himself to walk in a straight position towards the car. As he got the bread and his case with one hand, he noticed she was already back inside, so he quickly grabbed his crotch and walked towards the door. Actually he intended on a quick grab but he ended up not getting his left hand out of his crotch.

"Evening, kids." he said and quickly removed his hand from his crotch, forcing a small smile. "Please take this (bread) for your mother in the kitchen". he dropped the bag and got upstairs.

Small bliss .He loosened two notches of his belt. He would loosen just one, but there would be no effect. He gave a quick tug on his member. He opened two buttons of his shirt. Much better, well, a little better, he thought as he felt the need to grab his crotch again.

Well, no one was checking. No one would check a man mmm calming himself down a bit after getting back from the office. Maybe he would, maybe he did it a few times but well, he knows the predictment, mmm the sensation, he corrected himself, as he told himself there was no 'predictment' nothing abnormal here, just another common day... maybe that extra glass of water from the meeting earlier. He pressed his member thigher and it hurt a bit. He got out of his small trance and got back downstairs. There was no one in the living room.

There was only one bathroom downstairs actually. He was not only a good employee, but also listened to the lectures at the temple. In Brahe City, having only one bathroom, no matter how big the house was as sign of humility. On the other hand, having more bathrooms at home was a subtle hint of greed, luxury or even lust, as mmm voiding was such a good feeling...

The bathroom was nothing special. It wasn't large or exaggerated, for the same reasons just said, but it shouldn't be small either, as it's one of the small pleasures in a man's life to urinate, truth to be said. As he approached the door, it was locked. The toilet was occupied. Oh my, one should be always graceful, preferentially for the person inside not to noticed the handle was touched from the outside. But as he was mmm tired from this day at the office, he didn't pay attention to this detail.

Well, he quickly sat on the couch, in the living room, close to the toilet's door. There would usually be blankets and pillows at the couch. He got a blanket on his lap and massaged his manhood kinda fast, but as slow and discreetly as he could as he thought again of his day, not to say he had his almost full attention on his full bladder. As there was a blanket he discreetly opened the button of his pants and sighed another mini relief, so minimal for a bulging bladder that only lasted like two seconds.

7:10 pm, a bit over 11 hours since he last got his comfort break, he looked at the clock on his living room wall. That extra glass of water, that extra coffee, he thought as he massaged his tired member and with the tip of his hand his ballsac just a bit... those extra minutes with the last big e-mail, more extra minutes at the bakery... he was thinking and as he was going to bend over for only a moment...

"Hi, dad" his son said, apparently getting out of the toilet.

He gently nodded with a small tensed smile. He wanted to chat a bit about their days, of course, but he was desp... mmm actually, he rephrased this thought, he felt it wasn't prudent to delay his break, besides the toilet was finally free.

Gladly, his son maybe was doing his own stuff, maybe got the hint - he hoped not, so badly, no need for anyone to feel pity for his bladder not being large enough, but well, anyone good with maths.... whatever, his son got straight upstairs.

He got the blanket off of his lap, slowly got up, straightening his body, which led his right hand for a quick but strong squeeze on his crotch. Some steps, he entered the toilet and quickly locked the door. Belt off and pants undone by his knees in one second.

As he exhaled by the toilet, his cock contracted and relaxed as a very strong jet hit the water in the toilet bowl. He placed his left hand on the wall for support as his right hand held his penis aiming the water in the bowl. 1.9L, 11 hours and a few mins, he was thinking to himself, proud of his dry briefs as he checked between his calves.

I must not over drink and miscalculate the time tomorrow, he thought to himself... or maybe not, he continued to think, proud of himself and his manhood, and not only the size of his shaft, but how large his bladder proved itself, other than his fairly good looks from the gym and his true gentleman posture, as he was removing his clothes to have a shower.

P.S.: I want this to be a series. Again, this is my first serious omo writing attempt. I'm sorry for any mispellings. I'll try do to better, but it's just for fun.

That's no excuse, but maybe that happens too as I was intending on writing for some minutes, an hour or so, and I'm sitting here finishing this for 2+ hours (I love that the chapter might get big, let' measure on the website's format...) and I was already holding my piss at work and I arrived home some 5hrs ago. I could really use a toilet rn, but maybe that's where more inspiration comes from, ahd the ending of the chapter might be more intense and rushed.

*002*2024-10-03 18:36

{{21 minutes ago, PrinceOfThePee said:

Love this! I love male omorashi so much. ðŸ’™

}}

Thanks for the love man. I usually post mÃ©dia of myself. I love omorashi chatting etc but it's rare to happen. It's love to lol btw

So i decided giving a go on writing.

*003*2024-10-07 05:10

Chapter 2 - Etiquette Rules

A true gentleman should know everything about etiquette. At the best high schools in the city - actually, of course, there's only one that you can really say that about - and would learn about it, at and the best college institutions that follow Brahe City's values, and the temple's values, at heart, one would refine it.

It's all beautiful, elegant, organic, yet, so practical, as much as possible not to lose the first elements just put before. General - garbage, in Mr. Vanderluss opinion's - opinion would say etiquette rules are to set everyone comfortable. Well, not quite. Etiquette rules are made for you to abide always putting the comfort of everyone around you in absolute first place, and showing strength, vigour and virtue is a plus. That is the true way to show elegance, consideration and all the good values, not just showing off in ostentation, of course. John thought to himself.

The main rules, for a guy, are to show strength and focus - that would be translated into emotional intelligence - but at the same time be kind, polite, at all costs. To temper that with the temple's correct guidance interpretations, the main thing would be, as natural as breathing, subtle (and others like making exercises, taking care of mind, body and soul), the day goes by, and one must always hydrate, never refuse a drink when offered good-heartedly by whoever it is, wherever it is, whenever it is.

And, most importantly, not being nude in public is obvious, but the suble rules make the true etiquette. One must only deal about his private business at the privacy of their own home, never forgetting not to be obscene, to keep proper posture as much as possible, and be wise to ponder what the situation demands. It's not necessary to put in words that wetting your pants is completely out of etiquette manners, specially if wet enough that it is noticiable. Mentioning about such low needs, or better, desires, or letting it be the slightest noticiable, again, depends on the situation, and do your best, always. And, of course, do not interrupt anything you have in your schedule, unless it's an absolute emergency - as for everything, if you have too many emergencies governing your life, it's not a good sign towards a good image, prosperity, strength, and so on.

Besides, the temple teachings were a very good and welcome tradition, kept for the best citizens of Brahe City, like not showing greed, lust, luxury or ostentation, not being untrue and making a 'fake humble look' house, but the biggest hint for one in about Brahe's etiquette, having only one 'comfort room' for refreshing, not too lavish, not too big, and obviously not too small.

John was rereading his rewritten notes at his new notebook - with that smell of fresh paper - along with the smell of the second mug of coffee he just finished, because he woke up so early this morning. He refilled the energy of his soul, reminding of the good college times, and of course, all the good times after that, with his family, in his family trips, at work and his triumphs.

When John attended college, one of his best Professors, the College Dean himself, gave them the lecture with the summary of etiquette and told them to, every year, after college, reserving a little time (an hour, maybe less, maybe more) to rewrite this summary, for the rest of their lives, not to forget what means to be a true Brahe's Citizen - and to remember this is the core of a man, the first thing, it should be done first thing in the day, that is, before any morning refreshing time ritual.

Yesterday, after John's well deserved break time, he took a shower, indeed relaxed, had dinner, went to bed and all the common small stuff, except that he considered gonig to the 'comfort room' yet again before bed, as he does when he's so tired - he found out that this is something that brings him a soundy sleep night, as much as medicine... so as we do with sleeping medicine, if used correctly, we use that only when we want to sleep more soundy for reparation sleep. Not the case, as today he wanted to wake up 'fully alert' as the matter of the lecture summary is.

Well, this morning, after he had seeing the sunrise, he had been down to the kitchen, to make some quick black coffee. He knew he would drink two mugs, at least. It's always like that on the rewriting lecture scheduled morning day ritual. Then, he would just take a quick look at his wooden chest stuff, but ended up looking at the old college photos for almost an hour. He was crossing his legs, sitting casually, looking at those. He considered for a moment just 'starting his day' and leaving the rewriting note thing for another morning, but he decided against it, that he should do it. Well in two hours later waking up before sunrise, almost three hours to be honest, there he was, rereading it, tense, stiff, alert, tensed legs, specially. That must be because of the mugs of coffee and recent leg work at the gym, of course, he thought to himself.

He adjusted himself only in pajamas shorts. One should always 'listen to their bodies signs', so he would stretch as he does every morning, but he decided against it. He just put a common white cotton t-shirt - that would look specially hot and tight on his toned torso - but actually he did it for modesty, not to walk home around half naked and directed himself towards the single toilet downstairs.

Oh it's so good to refresh the etiquette rules manuscript often, yearly at least he reminded himself, as he also reminded himself to check the toilet's door knob as a flower petal, as one of his Professors would say. Oh, it was occupied. He wasn't glad that it wasn't free but at the same time he was glad for the extra healthy challenge for his morning to start the day. As his schedule was neat, as usual in his agenda, and today it was scheduled to be a calm day at the office, he thought this locked door lock, specially the 'comfort room', was the sign of a great day ahead of him.

So, he adjusted himself, only casually again, of course, as there was no one else in the hall and he was in the privacy of his own home, so fortunate. He was specially cheeful this morning. He changed to some sport shorts, and over his t-shirt, a common red hoodie sweatshirt to go to the nearby convenience to buy a few common things.

As he walked outdoors, he felt the slightly cold breeze in the morning. You feel it more, get tensed, chills, when you decide to go outside before your 'morning routine', he thought to himself as he walked. He bought some bread, soda, even wine, why not in such a good mood (it was for later, any other day, not right now in the morning, of course not) and walke back home.

As he entered home his wife asked if he was getting back late from the gym this morning but he replied that actually he was rumbling over his old college stuff.

"Oh, today is the making a clean copy day?" she asked with a smile. "Yeah." he simply replied with a smile back and put the groceries on the counter.

He lightly checked the toilet's door knob and it seems the door was locked again. He brushed the thought and got a newspaper and went sitting on the porch. "Be fast, your father still has to get ready to go to work" he heard Linda saying out loud inside, as he crossed the entrance door.

He was sitting in a rocking chair, stretched legs, his right leg tensed upon his left leg, holding his newspaper with his left hand, kinda low in front of him, just above his lap, with his face right above it, as he kind of observed the front lawn and the quiet street, and his right hand absentmindedly massaging his lap... his palm and fingers rocking on the fabric of his shorts. He was getting a bit tense because he was getting late for work, he said to himself. He didn't really have a specific starting shift time but he didn't like to arrive too late from his usual arriving time at the office.

Well, after five minutes he got up, got inside, folded the newspaper and put it back on the center table, and found the toilet free for him to start the day, althought he had already had two mugs of coffee earlier. He had his morning relief, refreshed, got to his room to dress and start the day.

So that, he didn't drink more coffee not to overdo it. He drank one and a half glass of juice (to make it up for the coffee that didn't take part) during breakfast and left, freshned, dressed and ready for work.

As he was driving to work, he was recalling in his thoughts, the last time he drove the family to the beach. Again, no one should be stopping to relieve their private needs everywhere like animals, that's why general knowledge prefers shorter trips and when a trip is long, people should never drive over 12hrs, straight, so they either stop at a hotel, or they go by plane, of course.

As a traditional Brahe City family, on the rare occasions work would allow them to go to the beach, they would hit the road, John would drive them and everything would look 'plastic perfect' their usual chat, or earphone songs, or reading, for the kids. His wife would always be a never sleep co-driver company.

Everytime they would arrive at John's mother-in law place, Lauren, John's middle kid, would be all cheered up with her grandmother, that in a kind of a 'simple folk big city manner' would always start with something like 'you guys arrived from a big trip, please feel free to use the bathroom, freshen up, face, hands, while I get some refreshments, juice...' and Lauren would the first one, she's John's rebel. She's just finishing highschool this semester and babbles all about moving to her grandmother's in Los Angeles, 'L.A. this, L.A. that'. Everytime this subject comes up, John's wife tries to smooth things saying 'it's just a phase'.

John was driving, already reaching the office, when he reminded the last time they had their family beach trip. As a traditional Brahe City family, efficient with non stop driving trips, very privileged on their looks, so neat and their unique 'glow', and schedule efficient too, of course, they would arrive, straight to the beach, so that, they would leave home with their swimming suits right under their clothes. One could say it was a more than welcoming feeling, getting out of the car after so many hours, quickly remove the upper clothes and run straight to the sea water.

That wasn't just 'ads look material', that happened only because even after a long car trip, teenagers, wife, middle aged John, which was the natural scenario for your average family boredom, in their case, no, all of them would run to the sea water in unison, eager looks in their faces to reach the sea water. No one would just be in the borders or you wouldn't see those I'll be just in the car nor I'll be just in the sand scenes. John thought to himself that's because they were happy, that's all.

Last time they went to the beach, it turned out to be a rainy day - the way they used to travel, non stop, for long hours, John was fortunate with a so happy family that they wouldn't mind a little drizzle, cloudy, or breeze and would run to the water even when there was no one else on the beach, basically - but that time, the beach was closed with signs and the rough sea...

John was having his normal morning, e-mails, water, coffee, even a bit too slow, to be honest, when there was a light knock on his office's already open door.

"Hi, Mr. Ackerman, good morning. What can I do for you?" John replied on his smiling best maneers.

"Hey, told you already, call me Bill".

Mr. William Ackerman was John's equivelent to the marketing area of the company, so that, marketing department manager. John noticed Bill wasn't his normal self this morning, he was a bit reddish on the face, like someone who was working outdoors, not at the office, his shirt thought white, like John's, for the day, wasn't the best option, nor the office clothes, in general. His, usually combed, light brown hair was kind of a bit messed up too.

"We're having some new company signs outside, on the lawn, close to the main entrance of the building. The workers are finishing the installing process. As you're the commercial manager, would you like to give it a look too, please?" Bill asked.

"Great. I'll have a, hopefully, quick call, and I'll be back there". Bill finished.

John went outdoors, in a specially hot day, and actually, there were some mistakes in the set of the new signs and John spent most of the rest of the morning there.

When he finally got back inside, he was so thirstly he downed three glass of water. He really could go home and have a quick shower during his lunch time, but no, he wouldn't go home for lunch, some people sometime did - it was kind of far from the office and would take over an hour to go and get back, but he didn't have a fixed lunchtime, that wasn't the issue. He wouldn't like to set a bad example and put ideas in the workers's mind. Besides, five minutes back in the AC and he was feeling almost if he hadn't been outside at all in the first place. He barely checked the e-mails back on his desk and his boss showed up by the door of his office. They greeted.

"John, I'd like you to have lunch with the French clients". Mr. Wealty asked.

Usually, when Mr. Wealty would have important lunches, he used to arrive at the office around 11:00 am, as he actually did today, so John thought it was a bit odd, but of course, he would comply. Mr. Wealty being so well versed in etiquette and good work environment, got the hint and complemented.

"I'd usually go myself, but tonight I'll go to The Gentlemen's Club right right after leaving the office, so, a big lunch and drinks at the Club might be too much mmm... buzz... for a day..." Mr. Wealty trailed off and quickly laughed.

No need for Mr. Wealty to trouble himself into spending one extra minute going into detail with John. He was the boss after all, but so well maneered, someone John sure looked up at. Mr. Wealty was finishing the sentence and John was already putting his tie. In sequence, he got his suit and case.

As he was reaching the elevators, he quickly passed by the restroom. There was the door from the hall to the restroom, and the doors to the stalls - stalls, basically no privacy, a clear hint that you shouldn't use those, though quite some of the workers seemed not to mind. As in any civilized restroom, this had the locks on the door that allowed the door to remain open. So, while John entered the restroom and was standing by the sink and mirror, only to wash his face, spray a little perfume and check himself in the mirror, he was standing basically in a straight line to Mr. Wealty's glass wall office.

John looked at Mr. Wealty's office direction, from where he was standing, by the sink, and Mr. Wealty, so polite, sitting on his desk, nodded his head and even a small wave, that good-heartly meant 'good business lunch'. John quickly left the restroom, pleased with his neat professional looks, and unlocked the device for the door to close, naturally.

John arrived at the fancy restaurant and the lunch ended up being with lots of wine, and finished after some good three hours, but it was very productive for the company matters that were discussed. To finish the lunch, as it should be in such places, a small coffee in porcelain, with saucer and mint chocolate with and small glass of sparkling water to cleanse the palate.

Good thing John's day had little work to be done at the office and his agenda was always so organized. After his usual walk around the office to check on the team, and be sure he greeted everyone he didn't see before during the day - today was about everyone as he got so long out of his desk - he was replying an e-mail and already finishing his second glass of water in the last thirty minutes he was sitting back at this desk.

He was about to automatically getting up to get another glass of water but he decided against it. 'I must've gotten dehydrated from the extra wine, the dry mouth feeling. Oh it's already 5pm. Good thing a productive day passes so fast'.

'It seems the relaxation feeling of extra wine at lunch has already died down', John thought to himself, as he was tensed up, with legs crossed, sitting on his chair, his right hand holding on his right thigh. 'Oh I must have eaten too much at lunch' he first thought to himself '...or maybe I drank too much wine' an intrusive thought has invaded his mind '...and all that water caused by the outside heat in the ending morning before lunch...'. He discreetly loosened a notch of his belt. 'Oh much better. Of course it was eating a bit more than usual at lunch', he corrected his train of thought.

A handsome man focused on his desk, by his computer screen, beautiful jawline, serious facial expression, white t-shirt, broad shoulders, belt, though a notch loosened, but John was only human and it the work shift was already winding down and people were leaving to go home. Besides, the most important is no one noticed that small detail and, even more important than that, any simpler gentleman wouldn't mention that, not even look more than one second. He also could call it a day, but no ideas of setting a bad example for the employees. Besides, for example, Mr. Wealty and Bill were still working in their offices as well.

He breathed a little more comfortable and replied a few more e-mails. He should reply a few more in advance for tomorrow, but was good enough for the day as it was already 6:00 pm. Of course his lady and kids would prefer him, when work allows, to arrive home early for dinner and sit on the living room and chat a bit... though this evening wouldn't be the case as he was already mmm... a bit tired from the long day at the office.

He had a small list, on his cellphone, of things, to buy at the supermarket before getting home. Another good reason to finish his shift in time to arrive soon to the privacy of his home.

He considered loosening another notch of his belt, or even open his pants button, behind the belt, totally unnoticiable, but then he thought to himself he wouldn't want his pants to drop when he got out of the car at the supermarket's parking lot. Actually the belt was tight enough that another notch would make it fit just perfectly, but no need for that, John dismissed the thought, as he had his left hand on the wheel and with his right hand he massaged his crotch area blissfully breathing deeply in the privacy of his car. He was just pleased with his productive day.

Well, he arrived at the supermarket, lowered the car's window to get the ticket by the toll, parked the car. Got out of the car, got a supermarket cart, and, as usual, when he did this after office errand, he would be very objective. There were a few other people buying products at the supermarket too, some men in office formal wear, like John, a few others, some women...

As he was buying some cans of beer, for the weekend, as instructed in his shopping list he met, in the aisle, Mr. Doukas.

"Hi, Mr. Vanderluss". Mr. Doukas replied with a polite smile. Mr. Doukas was a very polite man, responsible for the accountants at the company where John also worked. As he saw John he adjusted himself to a more straight standing position and got his case from the cart. He was holding the case in front of his midsection. He had his right hand on the case's handler and the other behind the case. He just smiled and bowed a bit with his head again.

Good thing Mr. Doukas wasn't a man of small talking, so John just bowed back, never leaving his hands from the cart holder and continued his quick shopping.

In a few minutes, of course, John was standing behind his cart, filled with a few itens, shopping list done, in the checkout line.

There was this pretty lady in line, just behind John, with her own cart, she was wearing a beautiful white dress with blue patterns, and red hills, with crossed legs, tapping her feet impatiently. They crossed looks.

"Good evening". John said in a fairly deep voice. After all, a man must always be confident and polite, and greet people, not only avoid looking and lower his gaze 'like a rat'. More than that, a gentleman must never look like running away from something in a hurry, leave that behavior for the ladies. In other words, always when walking towards anywhere it is, stop and greet people if they cross looks with you and do not interrupt them abrupltly, find a good subtle way to end the conversation.

"Oh, good evening". the lady replied.

"The line is taking a bit too long, isn't it". she said with a polite smile.

"Sure thing, but in no time everybody will be in the confort of their own homes". John replied out of politeness. Thinking of it he flinthced a little. He was mmm.. so tired of the day to be standing up. It was so subtle no one noticed, of course.

"Oh, it's your turn". The lady said gesturing towards the cashier. 'She should be more tired of standing up than John, in those heels, no wonder she was growing impatient', John thought to himself.

"Please, go ahead", John also gestured to the cashier, offering his place in line for her.

"Oh, please, you don't have to". she replied, bending her head down a little and placing her right hand on her necklace. He gestured towards the cashier again, nodded with his head as a reassuring sign. He thought about helping her putting the groceries on the cashier conveyour belt as he was watching her bend down to take each item... but he wouldn't want to bend down over and over... he was mmm... tired and he, well, he didn't want to be intrusive, he thought to himself.

She hurried to pay for her stuff and next was John. John was breathing, tapping his foot involuntarily with a hand on the cart handler, another on his belt, his hair, his phone... the lady was gone and he didn't even notice it.

"Hey, excuse me". He heard a high-pitched voice from his side. He turned to look at a very young lady, 25 at most, he quickly thought to himself, in a casual jeans t-shirt and skinny jeans. She was holding a few itens with her left hand and arm and had her right hand on her erm... midsection. John quickly averted his look and looked back on her eyes, as she continued.

"Please, can I checkout first, I have only a few itens". She asked, a bit aggitated.

"Oh, of course." he replied, moving a step behind to give her room.

He watched as the cashier checked the itens and she was trying to open her purse with one hand while the other was glued in her crotch. John pulled his belt buckle a bit, moved his legs, gave a quick tug on mm his pants fabric.

"Please, let me help" John said as he took a step forward and put her groceries in a bag.

"Oh, thanks". she replied in a high-pitched tone, a bit flushed and looked down, then back up at John's shoulder, on her eyes length, then back away. And paid for the groceries, to the cashier.

"Please, can I leave these bags at the concierge counter for a moment". She asked the cashier.

"Of course". The cashier nodded, knowingly.

She grabbed the bags, hurried to the concierge, and then to the direction of the toilets, close to the main entrance of the supermarket, all right after the checkout counters.

It was finally John's turn to pay for his groceries. While he bent down to grab the first item in the cart he considered loosening his belt another notch but he quickly dismissed the thought - as he was putting the groceries on the conveyer belt everyone in line was looking at his direction.

He finished paying for the groceries and putting the bags inside the cart. As he was heading the door, he was thinking he should have lost that second notch but now he was heading home and would be there in a few minutes. He gave a longing look in the direction of the toilets but his thought was quickly interrupted by the skinny jeans young lady again.

"Heey, thanks again". She said to him, with a relaxed face and body expression, and a smile, bags in hand.

He just flashed a big smiled and nodded back. He stopped and as he let her pass by the door first, he took the opportunity to adjust his manhood again. Women can be so flirty, he thought to himself. That kind of behavior was the top one on the list during college parties on his good old days, recalling the college young ladies. He felt another flintch on his crotch, crossed and uncrossed his legs quickly, took a breath, clenched his butt muscles and moved towards his car. '6:40 pm, no need to complain, you're still arriving home earlier than yesterday... nothing special' he told himself.

He 'scratched his crotch' each time he got a bag from inside the cart. Good thing he could be more mmm... at ease, as the parking lot was a bit dark already. He closed the car door and considered for a moment leaving the cart there, but that wasn't the proper thing to do.

So, he was pulling the cart with one hand and had the other hand mmm still scratching his... midsection.

He walked back to the car still 'scratching' his crotch and thought to himself... well men like touching themselves 'there' when it's dark. That must be why I feel this urge usually when the evening approaches, that's all.

He entered the car, started it, moved to the parking lot's toll. Now it was just lowering the window, retrieve the parking lot's card in the device by the toll and towards home. 'Oh, where is it?' he thought to himself as he had one hand on his lap and the other searching for it.

As he lifted a bit from his seat to put his hand in his back pocket, he felt a pang and doubled a little and grabbed his crotch. 'Jeez, gotta unfasten the seatbelt' he cursed to himself. Well, no luck in the backpockets of his pants either.

But the same way the day started, it seemed to be finishing, as a lucky day, as there was no car behind John's, so he could manuever and park the car back again.

He got out of the car, massaging his midsection in the parking lot. A last tug and he put his hand to his side, clenched his butt muscles and reentered the supermarket to the concierge counter. There was no one by the counter.

John leaned by the counter, crossed his legs and adjusted himself. Just as he was about to leave to ask for someone, he saw the concierge counter employee arriving as he gave a small wave and a nod to John. He was presumably getting back from the toilet, John noticed and recrossed his legs.

"Hi, Sir. Sorry for the delay. How may I help you?"

"Oh, I guess I lost my parking ticket. I just finished putting the groceries in the car and as I was driving by the toll I realized it. I searched for it but..." John trailed off. "Let me get you the receipt." he continued as he put his hand on his pocket. "Oh, sorry, I guess I forgot the receipt in the car..."

"Hey, no problem, Sir. I'll get another card for you." the counter guy replied with a efficient worker smile. John specially appreciated that as he was so... tired from the day. A lucky day, John thought to himself being a bit cheerful despite... tired.

Well, John finally got out of the parking lot, driving towards home, bags on the back seat, left hand on the wheel, right hand 'massaging himself' and he had to press the breakes kinda fast, gripping with both hands one on the wheel and another mm... accidentally out of reflextion, of course, on his member.

Oh a traffic jam. What was that, John thought to himself. He was so eager to get home that he didn't even bother to turn the car radio on. He turned the radio on and quickly checked his phone. It seems there had been an accident at the highway, just before the exit to his neighborhood.

6:55 pm. He looked at the car panel and also on his cellphone as it buzzed.

"Oh, hi honey". He said and took a deep breath and pressed the speed pedal as the jam moved a little. She asked about the traffic jam she just saw on TV.

"Y..yeah, I'm here. I'll be fine. It'll clear in no time" he said that, more to himself than to her as he adjusted himself on the seat, clenched even more his butt muscles and as he had held the phone to his ear with his shoulder he was readjusting the seatbelt not to touch much on his pants belt. He sighed a mini relief.

"If you have to stop somewhere as soon as you leave the jam... it's ok..." his wife trailed off.

As he said nothing, she continued "You're with the engine on there, does the car have enough fuel hon, shouldn't you stop at the gas station..." She was so considered of him

"N-no, hon, it's fine." he replied.

"Then everybody is already freshened up, k, hun..." and she quickly added "... and we're starting to have dinner as the kids have an early day tomorrow, k?" she continued.

"K, luv u, bye". He said. "Luv u, bye". She replied. And he hang up.

He actually felt his mouth a bit dry, but there was no need to open a small bottle of water from the car, he reassured himself. It was time to open one more button of his shirt. He adjusted the AC to a warmer temperature to help him feel more mm... comfy.

Five minutes later he was rocking back and forward sitting on the car seat with both his hand on his crotch. He was sweating a bit. He lowered the AC back again.

He ended up loosening the blissful second notch of his belt, actually a third one, opened the button of his pants, even opened the slightest bit the ziper. He actually smiled and sighed and put tip of his shirt out of his pants to cover it.

Well it was 7:10 pm already, time for a man to be home, so it was just natural his body urged for him to be more comfortable. At least he was alone in the car. He got out of his trance when he heard a knock on his car window.

He lowered half of it and didn't leave his hand from his... lap. It was a traffic cop. John really appreciated the way they served in their jobs.

"Hi, Mr. Officer. What can I do for you?" John asked from his seat looking up at the officer.

The traffic officer was bending over, with his right hand on the car's door and had his legs glued together with his left hand on his lap.

"Just checking if everything is alright". he replied with a deep voice and a nod.

"Thanks." John replied after a second and he didn't realize he was actually rocking the slightest bit back and forward on the seat, tensed forearm forcing downwards on his lap.

The cop crossed and uncrossed his legs. "You're good to go. Good evening, Sir". He said, and got up to a fully standing position. John was closing the window as he gestured with his hands for John to go and the traffic to flow. It was John's exit. 'Thank goodness' he thought to himself, arriving home 10 minutes later.

He unfastened the seatbelt as he entered his street, checked if his shirt was long enough over his pants and belt. He parked the car. He checked the bags with groceries in the backseat, but those could wait as mmm.. it was nothing urgent.

He got out of the car, bent over a little. Maybe he was a bit sore from the traffic jam tension, that was it. He was so mmm... tired. He was massaging his crotch as luckily there was nobody by the door nor in the living room.

He grabbed the 'comfort room's' door knob. He didn't remember to lightly touch it, but gladly there was nobody inside.

His pants were undone and belt partially unbuckled. He lowered them in one move and bliss. He breathed heavily. As his powerful jet hit the bowl he looked down to check another successfull dry underwear day, of course.

He washed his hands... and his face, smiled to himself in the mirror. He got out of the bathroom and collapsed on the couch. He stretched his arms and placed them on the couch's back and didn't even bother to take his shoes off as he put his feet on the center table. That was the perfect time for a beer he brought from the supermarket... oh but those were warm. Oh, of course, there should be some cold cans of beer in the fridge, to finish his day, then, dinner, shower, and go to bed, as tomorrow would be a special day on the schedule.

*008*2024-10-08 17:04

{{1 hour ago, Rexone_312 said:

Absolute Banger. Guess I have a new inspiration for my upcoming stories now!

}}

That means a lot to me. One of the best writers I've ever got to know.

I'm gonna try to write chapter 3 to have a little something more before announcing it on the other social media

But you found it already ðŸ¤­ðŸ”¥

*009*2024-10-09 05:52

Chapter 3 - The annual check up for work

John was standing on the beach, by the sea, the sky was gray and the sea water was black, revolted in a bad weather day, but surprisingly, it wasn't cold, though the wind brushed on John's hair... the beach was deserted. Oh, John felt an urge and held to his mmm... midsection. He looked again to the sides and saw no one and a black vortex opened in the horizon right in front of him and was getting bigger in his direction...

With a small jolt, John woke up and looked to the sides. He was alone in the middle of the bed - his wife would be so very considerate when she sensed he was tired and she would sleep in the 'vice master bedroom', formally designated in rank in between master bedrooom and guest bedroom with her wife personal drawing and sewing stuff, etc.

7:30 am, John looked at the clock on his bedside table and on his cellphone, now fully charged. He hated when he woke up in the middle of the night and specially hated when he woke up with less than one hour left to go back to sleep.

He was only human and if he was very sleepy and tired, he would end up pissing in the middle of the night. But when he reminded he shouldn't, he pondered for a moment, if he wasn't being too greedy and with lust, to piss more than necessary. It would be one of these moment in which he would either piss sleepy or ponder.

But, actually, he decided to have an early start, because it was the beginning of a special day, the annual check up day for work. Mr. Wealty, the company policy itself and all the good companies in Brahe City would have their workers to take the day off, if they wanted, for medical examination, etc., that was not the issue. But John knew the managers usually wouldn't put this as an excuse, of course there was plenty of time to go to the clinic and then to the office. Actually the best managers and directors would go straight from the clinic to the office.

One might think the high position directors would skip the check up exams, but on the contrary, in Brahe City, in John's company, in John's department, specially, the boss always set the perfect, more than perfect example.

John was scheduled to the basic check up only, as he was fit and strong as a bull, good gym routine and stuff, so the routine consisted in a simple blood sample and an ultrasound - so sample and image examination that was. Internet would give you the tips of skipping your morning pee OR drinking six glasses of water 30min prior to the ultrasound procedure, to have a moderately full bladder.

If you're familiar with ultrasound images, you know that all the organs images must look as alike (standard) as possible to reflect good health - corporation language translated, vigor and fit for office - except for the bladder image, that gets specially good in that kind of examination. That is, the fuller the bladder, the best the image.

This kind of question was extremely important in Brahe City's companies. It is common knowlege that at John's workplace the director's board make a special meeting after the check up results are available to compare and evaluate the results - in other others, they check each ultrasound image dossier. So it was like the 'yearly ID photos update', but it was more than that.

No other attitude was expected from the Brahe City company directors, specially where John worked. In Brahe City's values, dear to the company, as John is well aware, glad and utterly proud of being part of the company in that context, a man's most important treasure isn't in his outside looks but the inside. So, it wasn't like the check up complemented the ID photos, it was the other way round. No one wanted a low quality 'inner picture image' and for that kind of exam, the more water in the bladder, the more sharp the images.

Of course John would skip his morning pee AND drink plenty of liquid, to have the best shaped bladder image in the land. It was part of his job self image, and he would always try to bring his best.

Well, John actually was awaken by a full bladder, but that was just perfect, a sign from the deities that he was set for good fortune and a great day ahead of him. He freshened up, washing his face, brushing his teeth - oh, no toilet today. He could have dressed in comfy sports pants with a nice elastic waistband, as some of his colleagues did for the examination, for comfort or even to accomplish a fuller bladder with the best result - no one would look down at one showing up in sports clothes at the office for that reason, it was the contrary actually.

But John wouldn't succumb to temptation, 'It was mentioned in one of the sermons at the temple...' John thought to himself. Why not looking the best inside and outside, right?! So John got a nice white t-shirt, black pants to match his suit, as usual, socks, shoes, his boxers where white but that didn't matter much to match the rest. When he took a look in the mirror he was careful enough to buckle his belt one notch larger than usual to make it all go smooth to the best check up at the clinic.

As the blood sample was to take place too, he shouldn't eat (to measure sugar and fat levels in the blood), so he just got to his car and drove to the clinic.

Arriving at the clinic, he was directed straight to the blood sample. He stopped by the water cooler to down 4 plastic cups of water. There was a sting but the blood sample was fast.

"Now, do you have any other examinations to take place, Sir?" the nurse asked as she was pressuring the band-aid on John's arm, while John had an arm on the metalic supporter and the other hand on his... lap. That was always a good opportunity to have his suit with him, on his lap, and a hand gently 'resting'... ok not so gently... below it.

"Oh, yes, the ultrasound examination". John replied proudly, with a smile.

"Oh, please, you should drink some water." the nurse instructed. "Or do you have a moderately full bladder, already, Sir?" she continued.

Actually, thinking on a rapid accounting, John had the 'leftovers' of liquids processed from yesterday evening, by his kidneys, that weren't voided on the last - massive - piss he gushed, plus the two cans of beer he downed in a blissful state by his living room couch, last night before dinner, and if he was in the privacy of his home, in a common day - not special check up day - he could really use a 'comfort break'.

"Oh, I don't think so, not quite." John replied to the nurse, focusing on having the best bladder for the best examination, oh goodness these images were part of an upcoming director's board!

"Ok, Mr. ..." the nurse trailed off.

"Mr. Vanderluss, John Vanderluss." he completed.

"Mr. Vanderluss, you should then drink six small cups of water and wait in the waiting room for the ultrasound examination. If you want, you can drink in small gulps, not all at once, but that should take longer for the bladder to fill, though that must be enough for a clear image." the nurse concluded.

John was by the water cooler, 'holding his suit in front of him' with his left hand, that gently tugged on his crotch while he had his legs glued together drinking the six cups in six big gulps, sharp - he would notice, proud of himself.

The waiting room was lavish, one could say - but that was far from luxury or greedy, as it was for a health establishiment, it was in honor of health. The lights, the floor, the decoration with paintings and vases, the nice armchairs, the rug, the center table in nice wood material. There was a free capsules special coffee machine, but no one seemed to be willing to drink coffee, although it was 8:30 am.

There were five other men, six with John. John was so glad in the fancier clinics of the city, as it must be, the men's clinics and the women's clinics were in separated places. For one with no attention to Brahe's Etiquette that should be the first reason for no 'ladies room' signs around. But actually there was no 'men's room' sign either. Again, for a unaware person, it should be unlikely that an ultrasound practice doesn't have a toilet right in front of the ultrasound examination room.

There was a man in maintenance work uniform, probably an electric cables worker. There were two older men with shirt and kind of office formal, like John, but more simple and two men roughly John's age with t-shirt and tactel pants. John was the best dressed, he quickly concluded, proud of himself. Good thing it was one of the nice clinics, of course, as the armchairs were very comfortable. There was some low volume news on TV, so John and everyone else could pay some partial attention or at least look mostly at that or their respective cellphones.

The worker man just got up from his armchair walking rather uncomfortable towards the reception counter. He asked something to the receptionist and was bending, supporting his weight on the counter while he, presumably waited for some information. This kind of procedure should always run a bit late. This is because everyone wants the best image possible, of course. That's mostly considerate by the doctor and the auxiliar nurse that make the procedure.

The man got back to his armchair.but he would open and close his graps in his lap, look up, down, to the sides, impatient. Of course everyone was polite enough not to stare nor ask about it, even because the other five people knew how the poor man felt.

After some five minutes, the man was called and rushed to the pratice room. After some more five or ten minutes, he emerged, dashed to the reception and was running with a key in hand to another corridor - presumably to void his bladder after the examination.

The two men in formal wear were sitting with crossed legs, looking at their phones while the two men in sports clothes were sitting low on the armchair, with spread legs and a very relaxed position, watching tv, though they would adjust themselves in the chair every minute or two.

John had his right leg crossed over his left, and in a few minutes would change it and then change back again with his suit on his lap and his left hand 'resting' on his lap, under the suit that was lying on it and had his phone in his right hand. He was checking the e-mails and occasionally would type a short reply, not before clenching his butt muscles and cross tighter his legs before using both hands to type on the cellphone's small screen.

9:20 am and just as the first, the second man using a shirt would quickly walk towards the exit, maybe to go home and 'refresh', go to work, who knows. It would more usual for the manual labor workers to ask for a 'public comfort room' key, mostly.

By the looks of the men in sports clothes, it seems they were just 'prepared' for the examination routine but should presumably work as office workers.

9:35 am, John looked yet again at the wall's clock. There were him and another man in sports clothes. The man had crossed legs and was either moving his foot in the air or tapping his other foot on the floor. He crossed looks with John, as John was absentmindly thinking of it, the time, the examination to occur, etc. So, naturally, John nodded with a small smile. The good looking man nodded back.

"Check up day for the company?" the man asked.

"Yes, presumably you too..." John continued the conversation.

"Oh, it's the first in this new company I'm working at." the man said, and with the smallest of a grunt, he uncrossed and crossed his other leg on the top, with a hand forcing downwards on his lap. "I wanna make a good impression." he continued and forced another small smile. John just smiled back with another knowing nod and tightened under the suit resting on his lap and readjusted himself in the armchair, tightening the crossing of his legs, while maintaining a reasonable posture.

Soon after that, the man was called in to the ultrasound examination room. He stood up and bent down a bit to mmm... gasp for some air. He even readjusted the elastic waistband of his tactel pants and had a hand on his crotch when he walked towards the room. Being alone in the room, John took the opportunity to relax a big his butt muscles, partially uncross his legs and then cross them in a more relaxed position as he tighitened the grip on his crotch and gave it a well deserved massage.

9:50pm at the clock on the wall. Over thirteen hours since John's last big macho, hot, satisfying gush. After that thought, he mentally apologized to the deities and crossed his legs tighter close again, while sitting. For experience he knew that getting up, sitting down again and be changing positions wouldn't help him feel 'better', so he didn't even consider that... again, thirteen hours, those beers, all the water gulping in the morning... John was thinking to himself, looking at the blank.

"Mr. Vanderluss?" the nurse called taking John out of his trance. He grabbed his crotch tighter as reflection. "It's your turn, please." she continued, gesturing to the opened door.

He carefully stood up and even decided to leave his suit by the armchair, as he walked stiff but in a straight position to the ultrasound room.

"Mr. Vanderluss?" the doctor asked, offering a handshake, that John confidently took, tense and still standing in position. "I'm Dr. Goodfeel and I'm going to run your procedure." John nodded.

"The male nurse was asked to another department, so it is only me and you, Mr. Vanderluss." the doctor observed with a very warm smile. "Please, remove your shirt, shoes and pants."

John did as instructed and as the doctor pointed to the examination table, John carefully lay on it. It was a bit cold, so John flinched for a second and put his hand on his crotch, in front of his boxers but quickly removed the hand and had his arms on his sides, lying only in boxers and socks. But that was no problem for a confident fit man.

"Please, put your arms just behind your head." John did it as he felt his navel bulge's skin pull a bit.

As the doctor tested the probe light on John's navel, the full bladder image appeared on the screen. "I would say I'll be fast, but I'd say this is a work check up, yes?" John just nodded lying with his hands above his head. "So I'll prefer saying to you, Mr. Vanderluss, I'm going to make the best images I can, ok?" Despite the discomfort John felt in that position, he couldn't help replying with a genuine smile.

Probe on liver, right kidney, quickly, left kidney and then to the bladder. As promised, the doctor was really good, he was barely applying pressure on John's navel with the probe.

"Mmmm.. I'm sorry to be speaking and interrpting the examination, Dr. ... but..." John interrputed.

"Oh, are you uncomfortable, am I pressing too much? Do you need a... pause? If you void just like 10 seconds and get back, I'm almost sure it won't lose image quality..." Dr. Goodfeel started.

"Oh, no no... I'm not uncomfortable." John replied though he let the smallest invonluntary grunt and curved his tools, as the doctor was holding the probe resting on his navel, as he stopped the examination to pay attention to what John was saying. "It's quite the opposite, I mean, it's so light that I'm afraid the images don't get perfect..." John said and blushed a bit without actually realizing it. "Could you please, doctor, press to make it better?"

"I assure you they're perfect. I'd say the shape is great, but it's kinda squared shape as it fills all the abdomen cavity because it's so full." the doctor continued.

"And is it good?" John asked.

"Oh, it's great." the doctor replied.

"Now, let's check the liquid volume." the doctor said and continued the procedure towards the end.

"1100 ml, that's impressive. Almost no patient gets to that, specially lying so still to help the image quality." the doctor said. John felt so full of himself, he just didn't fill his hazelnut hairs color hairy chest with air because it would compress his poor navel, with the same hazelnut fur, that wouldn't be flat at the moment.

After finishing the procedure, the doctor instructed John to dress back again. As John slowly got to a sitting position on the examination table, he took the opportunity to hold his crotch through the fabric of his white boxers and dressed himself.

He managed an almost straight position, a big confident smile and firmly shook the doctor's hand, thanking and saying goodbye.

As he left the room, he felt the urge to hold his crotch and reminded of his suit on the armchair at the waiting room. He grabbed it and walked towards the exit, trying not to walk too fast, as dignifed as possible.

He drove all the way to the office, pinching his dick through the fabric of his pants. He had already put his belt two notches larger, but that was no use as he was starting to feel a bit of pain in his navel region, so he had to loosen it again a third notch, open the button of his pants and the slightest bit of his ziper. He smiled to an undescribable feeling and put his shirt's lower part on the top of his pants as he was fully authorized by social convention to arrive a bit more at ease at the office coming from the ultrasound clinic, of course. It was so good to have such cozy social rules and working in such a healthy environment!

10:55 am. 5 minutes at his work desk and he was concentrated on his e-mails, occasionally bending forward and back and giving his crotch a generous pinch. He felt his mouth a bit dry and a bit of sweat on his forehead, but decided against drinking water.

The most important for the day was that he went through the best images examination as possible, 'for the upcoming director's board meeting' and he didn't take the day off to set the best example for the co-workers.

There was a knock on the door and Bill sat on one of the two chairs in front of John's desk. Usually Bill would have a light knock and not sit even when he was offered.

"Hi, Mr. Ackerman." John nodded with a small smile, as he stopped typing. He stopped fidgeting but decided for the best to keep his right hand gripping on his crotch while he put his left hand on the desk.

"Oof... 11:20 am already..." Bill started, with a hand on his lap and a notebook on John's desk. John automatically thought it was 16 hours from his last relief.

"I guess I'll call it a short day soon." he continued. Bill was in a 'dry fit t-shirt', tactel dark blue pants and white-red sneakers. He took a breath while he was scissoring his legs, sitting across from John. "It was check up day this morning at the clinic." he completed.

"Oh, I know the feeling." John replied with smile of sympathy and gulped, never leaving the grip from his crotch.

"So, I have a list of five things I'd like to pass with you before I leave." Bill interrupted with a small panting. "I have to take notes of everything in these special check up days... it seems the examination take the focus out of me, huh?"

"Oh, I know how you feel." John agreed.

Everytime Bill would show any note or mark something, or just... he bent forward on his chair. After finishing the brief meeting, he hurried off of John's room with quick byes and calling it a day.

That left John with five more e-mails to type. John would type, sharp focus, fair speed, clean the sweat out of his forehead and stop every paragraph or two to give himself a 'reassurance squeeze'.

"John! My man!" Mr. Wealty was by his desk, as he just finished sending the fifth e-mail.

"Oh... mmm.. hi Mr. Wealty." John said, bending foward in his chair and 'sinking' his left hand on his crotch.

"Check up day, huh?" Mr. Wealty said with the most reassuring of smiles, standing by John's desk. "I know how it is. Mine was yesterday" - actually John didn't notice a thing, probably because yesterday was a busy day.

"Y-yeah..." John managed to reply. "T-the sp-pecial director's boardmeeting..." he didn't even finish only rocking back and forward on his chair.

"Oh, it's up to the the next couple of days, as soon as the papers come from the clinic."

"Are you calling it a day, John?" Mr. Wealty asked.

"I'll just s-set-tle the schedule for t-tomorrow and... " John was saying. Mr. Wealty already nodded "... l-leave." John finished and took a breath.

"Some water?" Mr. Wealty asked. John didn't need one second to be reminded of Brahe's Etiquette of never refusing any good-heartly offered drink, but the 'yes word' got stuck in his throat.

"I'm kidding..." Mr. Wealty said with a laugh and a pat on John's shoulder that cause him to flinch - and no more, as he already had his right hand buried in his crotch. "Good sport, John, always one of my best." Mr. Wealty said. John managed to mutter thanks and with that his boss left.

As John finished checking his agenda with his right hand on the mouse and his left hand pinching the tip of his... member, it felt so good. He mentally reminded to acknowledge fo the deities, as quickly as possible. He had to double check if he had saved everything on the computer.

He put his finger on the button of his pants and flinched, as there was no more room and there was nothing else he could do, hiding the open button and a even bit of the ziper, belt three notches larger - more than that his pants would drop and he would trip on them while walking... it was just saving things. No time for case, suit, nothing. 12:20 pm, seventeen hours from sweet relief, the next one unavoidably close, as it was getting out of hand, for two or three hours already out of the pleasant bladder control zone.

A deep breath, walking with quick tugs on his member through his pants and a straight line to his car, at the company's garage.

A few extra red traffic lights and a small repairing on the main avenue sidewalk and John arrived at home 1pm sharp.

As it was the 'after check up day' his wife saw him from the corner of her eye, but didn't say a word, as he rushed upstairs.

He entered his room, not even bothering to close the door. He took his shoes off, and socks in another quick motion. He felt the cold floor sending waves to the stretched reddish skin on his navel. It was an undescribable feeling. He was sitting on his bed, scissoring slowly his legs, slowling lifting his left and then right knee, while he massaged his crotch - he could already feel the sore skin of his penis even through pants and boxers fabric. He breathed sitting forward, putting his weight on his perineum, sitting with very separated legs, and calmed himself a bit. With that, he removed his belt and left it on the bed. He opened two buttons of his t-shirt.

He slowly got up and starting dancing on the spot, massaging his crotch vigorously. He smiled to himself, proud of himself, a man that drags attention; with a future great image examnation report... maybe he should try a promotion at work...

He relaxed his navel, the more he could, even forcing it out a bit, he slowly ran his fingers on the fur of his lower navel. He felt a so good that was even sinful shiver. He felt a spurt, not so small. He quickly grabbed his member through his pants and boxers and closed his eyes, as it was a sign from the deities, not to overdo in these extra pleasant movements, no need to overdo it... ot was it?!

Maybe it was the... mm... a grunt that a mancould grunt completely in the privacy of his own room... with another spurt, a smaller one this time, he quickly mentally thanked it was small, that he was still in control... maybe not 'no overdoing it' but just the 'op-posite'... for the correct reasons.

He calmed himself and he went to the oratory room, at the end of the hall.

After some six or seven minutes with shaking hands, he could light all the eighteen candles.

He kneeled on the floor, by the oratory, and he was in the perfect Brahe's contrition position, sitting on his feet, with his knees glued together, his hands shoved in his 'thighs', bending down and a bit up again (rocking on the floor). He was thanking... he was apologizing... he didn't even know what he was thinking. He was truly thankful as a Brahe citizen would feel no pain, no sideways pain, no kidney's harm in these situation. That surely was science along with the blessings from the deities.

After some five minutes, he felt his legs sore, because this toned muscles were tensed as rock... his navel was hard as rock. He straghtened his position, then managed a sittinh position, rubbed lightely his navel, spurted another small spurt, followed by two big spurts - that was the limit of unnoticiable, that the fabrics would absorb. He was doing that to thank and deities sent him the sign that it was time to finish his meditation. He would leak water from his right eye then from the left, a second tear with clenched jaw. It was time for well-deserved bliss. He would end his medidation in sad thoughts about if he would really deserve relief, if the deities would not deserve a few more minutes of his sacrifice. And another spurt. He almost hurt his manhood to stop it. That was his answer from above to feel his soul very thankful and contented to finish his medidation.

As he had his both hands massaging vigorously his crotch, he pipped from the top of the stair and saw no one in the hall. He got downstairs and touched the bathroom's door knob...

... it was free for him. So, after 18hrs10 after his last paid a visit to this room, he quickly entered, locked it. Kicked his pants and partially wet boxers on the toilet's floor. He was so tired, his cock was sore. He sat on the toilet and breathed heavily. After four seconds he had to grunt loudly and another involuntary tear rolled on his cheek, because the so forceful jet was hitting the toilet's bowl border and splashing on his t-shirt and the floor. He quickly put his hand on his penis to adjust it the slightest bit downwards, so gently as it was already so reddish and sensitive. He would continue his stream and with his left hand feel with the slightest of the touches, his ballsac and the sides of his lower navel - it was half a day, but worth it a busy day - to have a quiet resting afternoon.

*011*2024-10-10 00:19

{{On 10/8/2024 at 2:22 AM, Mirmur said:

Ooooh I love how you were able to combine Dystopia with omo, I'll take that in mind for one my fiction drafts.

Awesome story!

}}

Oh I might take a look for sure. Thanks for the kind comment

I'll do my best to post more

*012*2024-10-10 06:31

Chapter 4 - The Gentlemen's Club

As John arrived early from work in the previous day, he and the wife ended up having more than one bottle of wine in the ending evening. Naturally John was awaken by a full bladder. 7:30 am - again - he looked at the clock by the bedside table. As they had the good wine last night, and thanks to a little push from science at Brahe City, he would feel no headache. Again awaken by a full bladder before time, he should put more practice on that not to get caught short in public some of these days, that would be mortifying, he thought to himself.

He felt Linda moving as she was waking up too.

"Good morning." he said in a waking up voice, deeper than usual bare hazelnut hairy chest and some boxers, covering his modesty and a part of the small bulge in his navel, under his hazelnut fur.

"Good morning." she replied, motioning to get up and start the day.

He lightly held her arm, quickly moved on the bed, putting one knee on each side of her. She quickly detected his playful mood and reminded of her good old high school days, when she started flirting with John. "Oh, I need to resolve something and I'll be right back." she said with a light pout and looking downwards in an ashamed look, actually towards John crotch, that he was chivaloursly not resting the weight upon her navel.

He smiled and asked by her ear "Mmmm... where exactly do you need to go to?" supporting his weight on the mattress, not to put weight on her torso, much less navel, with his right hand, while he ran his left hand on her right breast and lightly stopped it in her lower midsection.

"Oh, actually it's nothing." she said, while John ran his fingers, lightly, in circles, on her navel.

She started moving her legs and put a hand on the top of her panties. John in one motion removed his boxers as his member sprung to life. She tried to look away, ashamed again, but she bit her lip and couldn't help being hypnotized. In another motion John took her panties off and she held on her sleeping gown on her breasts level.

He removed her hands from holding her private parts and held both of her hands with his left hand above her head. He was kneeling on the mattress by her side, holding her hands with his left hand and with his right hand he started lightly caressing her navel. She started rocking her legs but John held her in place, holding her hands above her head, with his left hand with more force.

He was kneeling by her... woman parts and as he let go of her hands, she put them back on pressing and covering her privates. John quickly removed them to the sides and fit his member inside her.

They were like this for some good 10 minutes when with each thrust she trembled and a hiss could be heard. That excited John and at the same time she shouldn't leak like that - woman's... lubrification would be lustful, a bit sinful one must say... her mmmm... urine, her bodily liquid waste wasn't right... and on that context, sinful too. He felt like he should close her orifice, so the thrusted harder and put it deep inside her and stopped for a few seconds, until a piss jet would force itself and urine would start dripping on his balls.

After her climax, she got up from bed, still a bit kinda looking at the sides, that was the ways from the woman John built his family with, unable to think of another intimate moment than this kind they had together. She, though, teased John, whispering in his ear: "As a good husband-wife relationship, I'm wearing a hobby and for, private women's morning reasons I'm not telling you but you can guess what as I'm ...er not quite finished yet from urin... yell... well you know, John. Then I'm going to carefully open my mmm intimate organ with my fingers to make sure it's all out by the t...toilet bowl.. and I'm going to take a quick shower and get back."

She was so correct with the modesty the temple thought, but so teasing at the same time. John appreciated that she would put herself in trouble of telling him most of her privacy in details, the much she trusted her husband, gosh, and that she would be considerate to be quick and get back to check on him and all he had to do was waiting.

Linda went downstairs wearing a hobby. As she was walking downstairs, John took the opportunity to grab his dick, that lost some of its hardness and try to make it hard again, as that made his mm... morning needs less urgent. But that was no use, it seems the wine from last night wanted out.

As he closed his eyes and was kneeling on the mattress, pinching so good his member, he heard a noise and quickly opened his eyes, tightening the grip. It was Linda placing a glass on the dressing table. He remove his hands from his front, to his sides.

She took the tall glass of water on her hand and put it to his mouth. "Hydration is everything, specially after all that wine from last night." she said in a sweet tone. She made him finish the water glass in one big gulp. "Good morning, Mr. Vanderluss." she said with a smile. "Good morning, Mrs. Vanderluss." he replied with a smile of his own.

"I'll have a shower. Please wait for me here. I want some time with my husband that works too much." she smiled looking to the side and left.

After some 10 minutes, John was on a almost sitting position on the bed, with two pillows behind his back, scrolling his cellphone, kind of abdsentmidedly, a sheet covering his legs and midsection, as he had his left hand pressing on his member. He noticed his navel was round and hard, his bladder was full.

Linda returned and wanted to lay her head on his lap. He automatically adjusted himself to a sitting position, so she would rest her head on his right thigh. After a minute or two, he had to be pinching his dick, he couldn't even hide it anymore.

With a light last caress on her hair, he said, doing his best to finish his husband duties "I guess I'll have a shower too." He grunted that, mostly, unintentionally and as she got up so did him. He put his boxers quickly back on and dashed to the toilet.

Good thing his schedule of the day was for him to arrive around 11 am at the office today. 10:50 and he was entering this office.

Just as John got out of the elevator on their workplace floor, Mr. Wealty was by the hall. "Hey, John, tonight is on, huh?" Mr. Wealty approached John, as they were arriving at the same time.

He was expected to arrive around this time because this was the first invitation he got to an evening at The Gentlemen's Club, where most of the company directors and such, of Brahe City gathered sometimes, during the evening. It was a big thing to get an invitation, but John, the confident handsome tall fit guy he was, thought to himself two things, one be your usual self and two, don't arrive too early at work and don't drink too much liquid during the day. He knew he shouldn't think that kind of thing, on the risk of being 'low' as a Brahe's citizen, but he really didn't know how long a night, presumably with drinks, would take before mmm... his modesty could see the light again, that would be, obviously, only at the privacy of the comfort room at home.

Tall glass of water in the morning, but just to rehydrate from last night's wine, a small cup of coffee and a small glass of juice this morning... as the day passed by, there were only two glasses of water plus the water from lunch, really minimal drinking.

John was by the coffee machine, having a small cup of coffee with Bill as Mr. Wealty was passing by and approached them to ask Bill about some file on his desk.

"Care to join us for some coffee break, Mr. Wealty?" Bill asked with that large smile of his.

"Oh, no thanks, I can't stop now, thanks guys." Mr. Wealty nodded, though he passed by some cubicles to talk to some workers and would take some good half an hour before getting back to his desk with Bill's report on it.

Well, 6:00 pm hit the clock. John could use the privacy of his own home, he felt the slightest heavy weight on his lower abdomen, there was some pressure, of course, after mmmm.. 7hrs50 since his 'comfort room' moment at home, but it was nothing major. If he were set to go home, that would be one of those days in which he would arrive and sit by the living room, to talk to the kids as each one of them emerged from the bathroom after shower, to tell him about their days. But as he was invited by Mr. Wealty to a social engagement, and a big one, he would be there a bit more, and pay close attention to Mr. Wealty's office, besides he had a few more e-mails to reply to.

"7:10 pm, more than enough. Time to go, shall we?" said Mr. Wealty by John's door. John just clicked a quick 'Save' and got up from his chair. As they both were crossing the floor, there was no one else there anymore, except for the security people and a few other employees scarce on the building as a whole.

"Do you know the directions, John?" Mr. Wealty asked, as he directed himself to his car. With John's affirmative reply, he continued "Then, I'll meet you there." With that John got to his car and drove.

Arriving there, he noticed everyone was on formal working clothes, more or less like his, though with one or two buttons of their shirties alraedy open. Mr. Wealty was already greeting basically everyone.

He noticed the panelled walls, the wooden center tables, the armchairs, the men's looks and 'after office time clothes', the rugs and curtains. It all brought a sense of elegance, but also of secrecy. That allied with the fact there were only younger men as waiters, maybe there was no women in sight for some entertaining reason of the big fish... John couldn't know for sure.

"John! Come here..." Mr. Wealty said in a loud voice, gesturing towards him.

"This is Mr. Truss, legal director at our company, as you may remember." with that John smiled and greeted him. "This is Mr. Alsace, CEO at 'The Beer' office in the city..." with that everybody laughed.

Mr. Wealty ended up introducing him to two more 'big guys'. John took a glass of whisky and was chatting to everyone in the small circle Mr. Wealty was in too. John was really animated on the conversation. He was a natural. And these waiter guys were just excellent, they got his empty whisky glass from his hand to a new refilled one and he didn't even notice that. When a guy would change it for a third one, John thought too much whisky would get heavy on his stomach later, so he politely declined. But they were the best workers John had ever seen, impeccable good looks, always a straight standing position, a smile and no need to explain a thing, so they had a small thin and tall glass of champagne - John's preferred, one of his weak spots.

Actually he felt his ego being massaged in all of his weak pleasant, almost orgasmic points, pardon asked by the deities, quick note reminder, success at work as sign of this invitation, great chat with the smartest people, champagne... nothing would feel better than a strong spot again huh.

John quickly looked at the clock, it was already 8:30 pm. His feet were a bit sore to be on shoes, standing oh, for 50 minutes, great chat really. His midsection felt a bit tight too. By this time he would be in more comfy clothes usually at home. He just contracted his butt muscles and he could use a chair by now just when Mr. Wealty announced.

"Oh, it seems the poker table is ready." Mr. Wealty said.

It ended up that Mr. Wealty, Mr. Truss and two other men were playing the first round while John, Mr. Alsace and it seems his CFO were standing by the table, watching it. The waiters lost no time in changing their glasses to new ones with beverages, on the table, as the players were concentrated.

Oh, appetizers, great idea, to avoid any beverage unwanted consequences, as a buzz.

Oh my, these people are so polite, captivating, elevated. Everyone would be at eyes sight. Each eye contact would lead to a nod with a white dashing smile. These man had as much or even more confidence than John himself. No one would always excuse themselves in the middle of a conversation, a card game... oh, and the service was just perfect, he wouldn't have to 'ask' for anything, literally. He was watching, with an appetizer in one hand and now he decided to alternate the champagne with a glass of simple flavored water, he was shifting his weight with his right foot in front of the left, and then the opposite.

8:55 pm on the clock and there was time for a new round at the poker table. As John sat on the chair, he felt the belt on his midsection, reminding him that though he 'dressed up' for work later for the day, it was over 10hrs ago, 10hrs45 to be more precise and some 1600 ml, carefully and slowly in.

He noticed Mr. Fairfur, his just assigned poker pair, just as the other two men by the table, deliberatedly loosening their belts two or even three notches. They didn't even bother to put their shirts over it. Each one of them, almost simultaneously did that with a satisfying half grunt half sigh and sit a bit more deep in the chair, parting their legs in a laid back position. Just because John didn't want to be the odd man out as it obviously was a social convention around here, he followed the example. Man, it did feel good, the lightest alcohol buzz and a belt not pressing, but he couldn't lose his sharpness for poker.

9:20 pm it was taking longer than expected and the other three men didn't seem to mind having one hand on their crotches and another scratching their hair, chin... thinking, or both hands on their crotches. That was easy as poker hand of cards, actually get laid on the table with their faces down - but social convention says that is for the opponent not to peek your hand of cards, conveniently.

Well, one more glass of sparkling water and half a glass of champagne later while playing cards, John bent forward to check better the cards on the center of the table, actually bending over and shoving both of his hands on his... inner thighs and with a move, 'straight flush'. As John said the words, the two opponents shove their hands in their crotches.

As they were getting up from the card table chairs, a waiter took John's again empty glass and for the first time actually asked if John wanted a refill. John politedly said no with a smile. All of them adjusted their belts and their crotches, as they were of course only adjusting themselves to get up after sitting tense for so long due to... the card game.

Mr. Fairfur had a hand brushing his hair and the other hand was massging his crotch as he was naturally talking to another man, eye contact and everything.

Mr. Skope, John's opponent offered his hand to John to shake as a compliment for the victory while he had his other hand placed on his crotch. John himself had his left foot in front of his right one and one hand on his crotch too. He gladly greeted Mr. Skope and smiled.

With that, Mr. Fairfur approached John and hugged him, laughing a bit, probably due to the whisky and champagne, one hand around John's neck and another hand never left his crotch as he felt confident enough to tighten the hug and bring John closer. Mr. Fairfur wrist pressed on John's navel and John flinched, but Mr. Fairfur seemed not to notice. "Very nice perfume" he continued, smelling on John's neck. He let go of the hug and was still smiling slash buzz smling at John. "What, some 10...11 hours and counting and still smelling good. Please let's exchange contacts, so you can give me the name of it."

"Yeah, 11hrs20, Sir." John replied. With a pat on John's shoulder, Mr. Fairfur left to enter the talk where Mr. Wealty was with three other gentlemen.

"And now, I'd like to make the announcements of the week..." Mr. Truss, started by the mic, on the small stage as everyone was sitting on an armchair, Mr. Fairfur and Mr. Alsace were sitting laid back with feet quite wide apart and massaging their respective crotches while Mr. Skope had his legs crossed and was bending forward with his hands on his... inner thighs... to pay close attention. Most of the gentleman were following a similar pattern, while John felt so good with the light buzz... he could even use loosening another notch as his belt THREE notches loosened was already tight yet again, but he decided against it, as he was sitting on the chair, feet wide apart, and both hands on his crotch, doing his best to rock back and forward very so slightly.

9:50 pm and the announcements and small speech were really fast and objective, with impeccable speaking as it should be.

As people were circulating again, John moved to an armchair close to Mr. Wealty and Mr. Fairfur. As the waiter approached them, Mr. Wealty more than welcomed a big glass of gin with berries, Mr. Fairfur got a generous dose of liquor and the waiter approached John. He was reaching the mmm... not prudent 12hrs mark and 2L mark, but he didn't want to be rude and took a small glass of champagne, at least to hold in his hand.

With that small second John took to analyze the situation, Mr. Wealty gave a loud cheer "and that's to welcome our dear John here." laughing, as result of the buzz, reddish on the face, yet so polite, so considerate and gulped the drink in one gulp. John felt sincerely moved as he bent forward no his chair and crossed his legs. Mr. Fairbanks gulped his liquor and got another glass. John thought it would be impolite not to take another glass of champagne to make company to Mr. Fairfur, so he got a refreshment, that he was almost hoping only holding on his hand and not drink.

Oh my, to that herectic thought, John mentally apologized and took a small sip. He was really pondering about loosening another notch of his belt, but it would probably hang weirdly on his pants, that just had to have a button opened.

As he looked to his left side, Mr. Alsace was by a chair where his case rested, just putting his removed belt inside it while Mr. Skope was talking to him, no belt on either, shirt untucked, with his right hand shoved inside his waistband.

John didn't want to feel misplaced but mm... to make sure he looked at Mr. Fairfur sitting on the armchair just beside him and he also had a hand inside his waistband.

Just because John wanted to abide the social convention at the club, of course, and - he said to himself - just because of that, he followed their steps and removed his belt making a small roll with it on his lap, untucking his t-shirt. It felt warm but he smiled and took a breath, so genuine, so good and massaged his crotch. After a second or two, as he was moving to stand up to put his belt inside his case, Mr. Wealty touched him in his forearm.

"Hey, it's too early to leave." Mr. Wealty said.

"Oh, I'm just putting his in my case." John replied.

"Oh, that's my boy!" Mr. Wealty replied with a large smile and open arms. "The singing show is about to start, put that in there and get back here with us." he finished. John only nodded, put his belt in his case that was lying in another chair, with a hand inside his boxers, that were getting the slightest bit sticky from this much massage in a small buzz condition, but he assumed the others were in a similar situation, all talking eye to eye, all nodding and greeting him, so charmingly.

At 10:00 pm, at the small stage, John recognized some of the guys who were serving them as waiters. Even in work clothes, under the spot, it was undeniable that they looked just like boyband material - John concluded with an internal small laugh, not daring to laugh in such a full bladder state.

Some people would ask for a song. Mr. Fairfur asked for a romantic song that everybody cheered as the blond guy, silky hair was singing, looking, seemingly, inside each ones eyes at the audience, they were good. Meanwhile, Mr. Fairbanks had opened his pants zipper and had both hands on his crotch sitting on the edge of the chair.

These people were really something at good times, and still discussed their important matters. That should be perfection but John thought that mmm... all the good things come to an end, it was better to leave home... as the humble tips of the temple thought better.

It was 10:40pm already, to complete 12hrs since John's last 'relief', he was having so much fun but he could say he was getting rather uncomfortable. That's when Mr. Alsace got beside John's sit bending over, with his left hand pulsating vigorously on his crotch, while smiling and politely greeting with his right hand and saying goodbyes. John could say Mr. Alsace's briefs weren't part of a dry crotch but everyone was far too kind to notice such small things at that point, either Mr. Alsace or all could blame the buzz.

Mr. Fairfur followed the same path, bending forward to move, left hand on his crotch, right hand greeting and gesturing, and drunk, mostly. That was so good-hearted, John couldn't stop thinking. "Thanks for the great time." Mr. Fairfur said, pressing his big right hand on John, also big round shoulder, his left hand never leaving the gripping vigorous rubbing on his midsection, standing really close to John... er... his left hand on John's eyeline. Then resting his and on John's shoulder "Please, give me l-later, t-that p-perfume inf-fo..." he was saying. He bent more and crossed his legs "and mmmm... I had something else to say but I... I... I better leave, it's g-geting late..." he trailed off, smiled, greeted each and everyone else and left.

As Mr. Wealty approached John, he could feel a well third leak on his boxers as pressing tighter with his hand would hurt him and couldn't stop the slightest liquid leaking, making his crotch hot and moist by now. And there was a small spurt then. 12+hrs, 2L+, half of it alcohol, in John's quick math, it was really time to go... home. He also greeted everyone, took the clue from the previous men and left.

He drove fast to his place, massaging and palming a wet crotch on his boxers. Gracefully the lights were off and everybody was already asleep at home as it was already 11:40pm.

A few more minutes and he would piss only 'on the next day' and leave this day with only one pee, but he was too happy with a buzz, wet boxers... the leaks were starting to make the way to his inner thighs and that gave him a small shiver. Actually the small shiver and the butt extra clenching... if that was even possible, made him flinch in pain.

Though it was 'partially no use', he downed his boxers to his knees and a forceful piss erupted towards the toilet's bowl lid, that he quickly got to adjust to the bowl. He breathed and breathed, pissed and pissed, on and on.

As the master bedroom was free, he didn't have the strength to take a shower, but only to strip naked and throw himself facing the mattress, on the bed, and, with his hazelnut hair and haircut ending on his white neck, his ample back, his fairly smaller waist, his translucent white toned butt exposed, his big thighs, with fur, his defined calves... in the air, he drifted off to a sound sleep.

**************

Author's post note: I'm usually trying to write this with a moderately full to very full bladder - not exploding to allow me to write. It's difficult to get to that point. I hope I'm doing it right and you're enjoying this, because though tiring and taking a bit long, I'm enjoying writing it. As I love having a full bladder to body posts and play (please always feel welcome to drop a hi about THAT, or a comment about the writing) I'm getting used to get the full measure to write, though sometime that goes a bit fuller and hurting than it should, and tonight I, genuinely just human, completely forgot and pissed when I was supposed to hold, so it's only a half full bladder to now. Still, I hope you like it, going towards chapter 5.

*015*2024-10-14 16:22

{{59 minutes ago, Rexone_312 said:

This story was soooooo damn HOT! Like I am RAGING HARD as I write this. Amazing!

}}

I love to chat, vid, and play with everyone. Be my guest. I'm your fan

I'll try to put chapter 5 in motion tomorrow ðŸ’›ðŸ’ªðŸ»ðŸ’§ðŸ’¦ðŸ”¥

*016*2024-10-15 06:19

Chapter 5 - Extra shift - Opening a new plant

John was still thinking about that promotion he eavesdropped at the 'hall talking'...

"Hey John, time for some small cup of coffee break?" Bill showed up by his office's door, smiling.

"Hi, Mr. Ackerman." John replied. I don't quite have the time now...

"Oh, please, call me Bill." Bill continued with one of the best big jaw smiles.

"Alright, Bill..." John continued... Bill was usually on neat clothes, the best haircomb, best jawline, again, and well, a big smile again and always so warming and welcoming... as he was potentially also applying for the same promotion position... well, that if he was interested... and that position vacancy is not even official or confirmed, so far...

"So, coffee?" Bill continued, never losing the smile, combing his hair with his hand.

"Oh, no thanks, Bill. This evening, I wanna make an early evening at home, to catch up with the family." John finished with a smile.

"Gotcha." Bill said with a smile, a weapon sign with his hand, and a big wink, and just got a step behind, turned and left.

It was 4:00 pm, and it was a regular... no actually John hydrated a bit less than usual, nothing unhealthy, or worse, immoral, or worse, sinful... some juice, coffee and water, it would be the regular 1.5L by this time... but maybe this afternoon it got only to 1L so far... well, maybe a bit dehydrated... John thought to himself as he was finished just sending an e-mail... yeah, neat schedule day... and he was about to get up to get a new glass of water.

"John, my man." Mr. Wealty stopped by his door. He tried to be casual 'cheering up' but his words didn't match his tone. John just looked for a second. Mr. Wealty realized it, as he was so subtle.

"Oh, please call me Walter... we know each other for so long... we're basically friends. By the way, did you like the recent club night?" Mr. Wealty lead the conversation.

"Oh yes, very much." John politely replied, sincerely hoping to be invited again.

"So, the regional manager of the South 1 region got seriously sick yesterday, it seems, and the local director, recently appointed to the position, just told me like a few minutes ago, can you believe that?" Mr. Wealty continued. Sure thing he was about to ask for extra work, from the tone, from the beginning.

"It's where the new plant is to be inaugurated mmm... " John started.

"Exactly: in two days!" Mr. Wealty continued. "They don't have the final report. They are sending me the material they have done right now, it may be arriving in my e-mail box by now... Mr. Truss might be extending his work shift to finish the legal part, but it was already on him, I hope having his part first to conclude the dossier... other than that, I'm counting on Bill and you. Can I count on you, Mr. Vanderluss?"

"Oh, of course, Mr. Wealty." John replied to this extra work formal request as wisely as he could.

"Oh, and please, Mr. Vanderluss, if you need any... extra... comfort to make it the extra hours, feel free." Mr. Wealty said it looking at the floor and left.

Oh, John knew what it meant. In etiquette rules it meant that if he had to use the restroom at the office, Mr. Wealty would pretend he never saw it, and all his pairs and inferiors would do the same. There were few occasions on John's career that this offering was made - fortnuately John never had to rely on it - and this was the first time the offering came right at the beginning of the request, not even as the extra hours went by... it must be something dead seriously.

4:30 pm, almost 8hrs since John mmmm... left his place... and the e-mails arrived on John's e-mail box. After a good half an hour of reading, John had the scenario. Those were really tight deadlines for Mr. Wealty and Mr. Truss. Mr. Truss was well aware and probably would extend only a few hours. As for Mr. Wealty, he didn't have a way to know, as he relied, other than himself, the speed of Bill and John to make it up for the unfinished work.

It seems the marketing part was partially done, but still Bill would take a few hours to finish that. As for John, it seems they don't have a commercial nor logistics manager, so it's basically the material and no report done... as he was making his first scratches and putting the directories in order... 5:00 pm, there was a knock at the door.

"Hi, Mr. Vanderluss." that big smile could be only Bill. "Hi, Mr. Ackerlund." John replied, almost automatically, still concentrated on his notebook, but Bill had two small bags on his hands. John got up to help him settle those on the desk of his office as Bill entered the glass walled room. "Oh, please call me J..." John was saying.

"Oh, I'm just kidding..." Bill said hugging John, never leaving the smile.

"Hey, Mr. Wealty." Bill said as the boss also got to John's office.

"Oh, John, I was just checking the whole thing. I suppose you had a chance to check it by now... there's a lot to be done on your ending and I'll need it as soon as possible... and I'll need your extra hours..." Mr. Wealty said, trailing off, with a quick look at the floor, and then back at John "...I know, you usually have your neat schedule and everything..." Mr. Wealty trailed off.

"Mr. Wealty, that's one of the reasons one gets their schedule in order, to be able to absorb extra demands, even more when it's an emergency." John finished confidently.

"Oh, Mr. Wealty, please" Bill said, opening the bags on John's table. Those were four cans of energy drink.

"Oh, 5:05 in the evening..." Mr. Wealty said. "Great time for one of those, thanks." he said, taking a tall can.

"One for me..." Bill continued. "Well, two for our great John, here".

Bill was so considerate, he was the best. John just thanked with a big genuine smile, and everybody left the room, for John to focus on work. John was a bit under his normal hydration and didn't get the chance to get his next glass of water, so he drank half a pint of cold energy drink in one gulp.

Sure thing, John got his way to the report and was doing things as fast, as experienced, so that, as careful too, as possible... if Mr. Wealty needed to make big changes on his final review, that would doom the deadline...

6:00 pm and John just finished his tall (473ml) can of energy drink and opened the second can. At that pace he would finish it in no time. He crossed his legs and got his face closer to the screen in concentration.

6:30 pm, he felt a first pang from his mmm.. midsection. He quickly reminded that by this time he planned to be at the comfort of his home... oh but there was a lot to be done. He stretched a bit on his chair, and thought of loosening his belt and taking his shoes off, but that thought was just replaced by a big mistake in a calculus table he just found...

7:15 pm and calculus corrected, but there was still a lot to be done. Mr. Truss was logged off, probably he should have concluded his part, he should have done much better than they did, on their floor. Mr. Wealty still was by his table.

7:40 pm and each time John stopped typing, he would rest his both hands on his inner thighs to read the screen. He ended up taking his shoes off and being only in socks, with two buttons of his shirt already open. That would be a good time to loosen his belt too. As he would look around through the glass to do it, Mr. Wealty showed up by his door.

Mr. Wealty placed a big pizza box, unmistakable pepperoni smell, in a table right by John's door and gestured at John, as John looked at him. "Bill, pause time." he said a bit loud, and with that Bill approached the table at the hall too.

As John got up, he adjusted his crotch and was still ok to maintain his best dignity. He felt his belt tight on his midsection... he was probably full of... too much energy drink... he would eat only a slice of pizza, he thought to himself.

Mr. Wealty was eating with them and talked a little about the project. John couldn't help noticing Bill was fidgeting a bit in place while while they were standing and chatting and even adjusted his crotch twice.

John also couldn't help noticing this pepperoni was extra spicy. There was a big bottle of Coke along with the pizza, so Mr. Wealty poured a cup to himself. "John, some soda?" he asked.

"Oh, please." was all John could reply, to, actually, a modest plastic cup of soda, so gently put by his boss. Man, that was his day!

"Bill?" Mr. Wealty asked with the bottle in hand.

"Oh, no thanks, Sir, I'm still finishing the energy drink". Bill said with the can in hand. He was finishing his energy drink can with his slice of pizza.

Mr. Wealty and Bill ventured a second slice of pizza. John felt all the energy drink and the cup of soda on the top of it made him... full. When he turned around to the trash can to throw his napkin and turned back, Mr. Wealty refilled both cups, his and John's.

John excused himself back to his desk and was actually watching by his door and glass wall as Mr. Wealty was talking animatedly, apparently about his family now. It seems Bill didn't notice that he was rubbing his... front, against an office divider, while giving short replies to Mr. Wealty, smiling, politely agreeing, with his both hands on his pockets.

John got focused back on his work for a few minutes and Mr. Wealty and Bill had disappeared to their respective offices. 8:05 pm, almost 12hrs since John... left the comfort of his home. Anyways, John felt full because he just had pizza, so he loosened two notches of his belt and untucked his shirt. A quick grab on his crotch and his mmm moral was renewed for a few more files to work on.

9:30 pm and John crossed and recrossed his legs for the ... millionth time. His upper body was focused on his work, he was really accomplishing wonders so fast, but his lower half kind of had a life of its own.

John still needed a glass of water, he thought to himself, followed by a small shiver, but he decided against it.

Well, it was the second time he had something to ask Bill but he just took a note to ask 'all at once... later'. He had to get up at once. So, he decided he would take some water and pas by Bill's office.

He got up, took a minute to breath, took a quick look through the glass at Mr. Wealty's office's direction and it seems he actually finishing things and turning the light off. John quickly got in his sitting position back again.

"Bye John, my part is done. I hope I get to see your part first thing in the morning. Thanks again." and with that he left.

After a minute, John stood up again, took a moment to breath, cross his legs and adjust his crotch. He would grab half a glass of water and pass by Bill's office.

As John approached Bill's office door, Bill had his eyes closed, face upwards, and was massaging his crotch, moving a bit on his swivel chair. John couldn't help sharing the feeling, and massaging his own crotch too, there, stopped in the spot, crossing his legs...

After a good grab that almost hurt himself, John took a deep breath, crossed his legs tight and grunted a loud 'ahem' with a light knock at Bill's door.

Bill instinctively doubled down his body on the chair, pressing tighter on his crotch with both hands. He looked up slowly at John, but didn't move. John could perfectly understand, so he made no questions.

John took a chair by Bill's desk, sitting, crossing his legs.

"Oh, I'm just finishing my part. There is the last piece and a quick glance in all of it before...mmm" and Bill interrupted with a light grunt "...sending it to Mr. Wealty."

John went through his quick questions, got up, crossed his legs, took a deep breath, tugged his 'thing', got half a glass of water and went back to his office.

11:00 pm, a bit over 14hrs since John left his home... where the toilet was... although Mr. Wealty said they could use it at work... John was fantasizing in his head as he finished another calculus table.

"Hey." Bill showed up by John's office door. He had a hand shoved inside his waistband and almost crossed legs.

He got around the desk close to John. John didn't have the time to hide that he had his hand on his crotch too.

Bill doubled over his body and rested his head on John's shoulder, with both hands shoved in his own crotch. "Man, i gotta piss so bad." Bill said.

"And what do you want me to do, help you?" John said. It was supposed to be in a joking tone but he ended it up with a grunt himself, never leaving his hands from his crotch.

"Ah, it feels 1% better just saying it out loud." Bill said, not changing his position and crossing his legs even tighter.

John looked down, at his own crotch, and slowly at Bill's shoes and up at his crotch, covered by his both hands. "W...well, John said, even blushing a bit without realizing it... I could also use a break right now..." and breathed deep.

Bill took a sit in one of the chairs by John's desk.

"Oh, I'm so glad I got to finish my part. I'm...mmm" he grunted "... going home, but gotta he here mmm... early tomorrow." he said, massaging his crotch, not even trying to hide it. John bent over a bit with his hands in between his thighs... seeing Bill in such a state, and after mentioning the toilet only worsened his own need...

"W-when do you think this promotion thing is going to take ... place?" Bill mentioned to John.

"Oh, I don't know..." John just trailed off.

"I'm mmm leaving now. B-big day tomorrow..." Bill trailed off and stood up. He almost bowed with his head as he said bye not offering his hands for obvious reasons.

John finally allowed himself to remove his belt and cover his pants, button opened and the slightest of the zipper. That, along with the 946ml of energy drink in his system plus two cups of Coke, gave him energy to keep working.

He kept in that state in which he would focus on the final part of the work and massage his crotch absentmindedly for two hours and a small pang, one hour and another pang, a few minutes and to wipe away the sweat of his forehead with the sleeve of his shirt. He didn't drink any more liquids and it got dangerous, a bit painful, even, but stable.

He was finishing the last file, with eyes a bit reddish already, worn out face... worn out mmm... manhood from the... necessary... very... extra rub. The skin on his navel felt so sensitive, almost numb, though it was barely touching his loose pants waistband. John thought of getting that toilet subtle offer from Mr. Wealty, but no. They say when you kill a person, it just takes the first... with the work toilet it would be the same thing...

Besides, even after 20hrs, there would be no infection, no kidney's damage. John just had this insider information that when one took all their regular vaccination jabs in Brahe City, they would have their urinary system specially immunized. That would take John's utter pride of being a Brahe Citizen to get half a glass.. maybe a gulp of water, but no he wouldn't lose his delicate bladder stable state current status.

Well, after opening an almost indecent third button of his shirt, showing quite some of the hair on his chest, he decided he would get up slowly, walk slowly and take only a small gulp of water to moisturize his mouth... if his mouth were to be half as moist as his steaming crotch...

6:50 am and he didn't even notice the first rays of sunlight through the shutters. He had stopped rubbing so vigorously his crotch for a few minutes and that was even number than his navel skin. He was sweaty on the face, cold on the sides and on the open part of his shirt, and even the his toes in his socks, though very hot on his crotch and navel.

The second thing he didn't notice was that Mr. Wealty was arriving back again at the office. He apparently was the first to arrive exceptionally early due to this deadline.

"Hi, John." Mr. Wealty said above a whisper.

There was no point on removing his hand from his crotch - actually he even could not do that, he quickly calculated in his mind.

Mr. Wealty gave him the warmest of smiles. "Hey, son, it's all fine, whatever it is, I can finish... I'm positive you need a break."

"Oh, no, Mr. Wealty, can you believe I'm just reviewing the two last files, Sir!" John said and as talking would spend his reverberating bladder energy, he was pinching through the fabric his mmm already sore skin... down there.

"Oh, ok, that and go home for a while, k?" Mr. Wealty said, with a knowingly nod and went to his office, not to be looking at John more than necessary.

Really, after some 20 minutes, John clicked the last save. He was in no condition to pass by Mr. Wealty's office to say he just sent the e-mail as he would usually do. Actually he put his shoes back on and got like 5 minutes sitting on his chair, closed eyes, massaging his numb mmm... organ with a hand inside his already opened zipper waistband pants. He felt even his buttocks were numb at this point. He didn't know what was burning, what was hurting anymore.

He took the opportunity there was only Mr. Wealty that had mmm... already checked on him - but always so polite and considered of his mmm.. .weakness... anyways he got to the comfort of his car and drove home almost absentmindedly... so tired from... overworking. He would only arrive home, at 7:40 in the morning.... 23hrs10, exactly from the last relief...mmm even saying that made him shiver and a first leak appeared. He didn't have the strength to press harder, so that was followed by a second leak. His bladder was so corked up that the leaks were the smallest.

As he got out of the car and was opening the front door, he couldn't hide his lack of modesty anymore, but it was a very tiring situation. He was a tired man. He was meters from his comfort break...

His heart almost sank and he took his last reserve of energy to a small smile.

"Hi, dear. See who dropped by before leaving to the airport?! Isn't that delightful?!" Mrs. Vanderluss said all cheered up, tea and biscuits on the center table.

"Hi, Mrs. Wealty, Mr. Geldoktober." John forced the finish of his small smile and awkwardly sat on the couch, taking a pillow on his lap, to have 'a hand under it'.

It was Mr. Wealty's wife with her brother, that apparently came to visit. He was a big fish himself, and well... no need to say that Laura, John's wife, had put her best to arrange this quick visit.

"Oh, my, Walter is pushing it too hard on you..." Mr. Geldoktober - Mr. Wealty's brother-in-law in his own living room, what an honor.

"Oh, no way. That was a special deadline..." and John took some five minutes talking about the project, while, absentmindedly he was rocking back and forward on the couch.

"The tea is specially good, Mrs. Vanderluss". Mr. Geldoktober said. "Please John, let me." and poured a cup of tea to which John politely smiled, while taking the strength to stop holding his crotch so forcefully and take the cup from the spicer.

"I'm using the toilet. Where is it, please, Mrs. Vanderluss?" Mr. Geldoktober said... John's first thought was something like 'these folks from the capital...', his second thought was about the toilet, so he just blocked it as the first spurt finally found its way, and John couldn't do much. He quickly grabbed a blaket as there would always be some by the couch at John's place.

The women were chitchatting almost as if John wasn't there, so he took the opportunity to gulp half of the tea, and he didn't even know what else to do with his other hand on his covered crotch or how to recross his legs, that held 24hrs of golden piss.

After some more minutes, Mrs. Wealty and Mr. Geldoktober would make their way to the airport, as Mrs. Wealty would take him there. Mr. Geldoktober said to John he wouldn't need to stand up to greet him. In any other circunstance he would feel less of a man, but he could just silent pray thank you an offer a hand, as he would be less of man at that moment if he spurted even more in front of the guests.

Well, Mrs. Vanderluss and the guests, mostly Mrs. Wealty, were chatting by the entrance door some five more minutes. John was out of sight so he was openly holding himself, open zipper, both hands on his crotch, but he didn't have the strength to grab nor wanted to grab on his sore member anymore. He was in a trance rocking back and forth, interrupted by the click of the door.

His wife would offer him a hand for him to stand up, but he gestured with the palm of his hand to her as a 'no'.

He got up, arched body, his hand holding on the wet front of his boxers and after some 90 seconds he managed the ten steps to the toilet.

As he closed the door behind him. He slipped his weight with his back to the door and sat on the floor. He couldn't even feel bad, nor good nor anything about it. He almost couldn't feel the piss hissing out of his body as he was half asleep.

**************

Author's post note: I'm sorry if this is not the most inspired chapter, but I'm gonna try writing with an even fuller bladder next time.. it's so late right now, but this had to come for us to move on. I feel John and even some other hot characters must suffer much much much... much more, what do you think? So horny, wicked and scratching absurd thoughts...

*018*2024-10-15 12:35

{{4 hours ago, Breepee said:

Another perfect chapter mate.

Would love to see some females or even his wife delay him and make him need to pee worse if thatâ€™s an option? Or even his wife causing him to leak before offering to help hold it?

}}

I'll divert a bit from the main line of the story. I was just thinking something... Actually having something prepared to his wife and well...why not making him suffer along a bit... and so on ðŸ”¥

*019*2024-10-16 05:47

Author's brief note: Entertaining a bit more of female omorashi here and, most importantly, if you find sensitive taboo themes offensive, you can skip this chapter and read the story as if this doesn't exist. Warned. For others, specially one or two mates, I think you'll find it smoking hot.

Chapter 6 - The Breastfeeding Campaign

It was finally weekend after such a hard working week at work, for John, and on the top of it, that was a sunny Saturday. Well and with that on the topping, his wife Linda would, sure thing, be the cherry.

Linda, along with Mrs. Wealty, Mrs. Truss and another lady whose husband John couldn't recall the name at the moment, were under a white stand up canopy tent, with a portable table, chairs and some folders.

This time, that took place in the big square beside Downtown's Temple. John couldn't be more proud of his wife taking her time, after taking care of all and everything at home, to also stand for the community's health, charity, and it couldn't get better, not even if he wanted to, to make a great support network for the promotion he was looking forward to.

So, apparently, Mr. Wealty and Mr. Truss were playing golf. John was actually full of himself to keep company for the ladies and specially, having him to be shown off a bit by Linda, as he was in his best off white cargo shorts and light cotton short sleeved white t-shirt, showing off some muscle and some arms fur, and the slightest bit of his chestnut color hair fur, shaved jaw and a smile he couldn't help in a so pleasant ending morning.

There was also the elderly ladies counter, also by the lawn, close to the sidewalk, actually a few meters apart, only, raising funds for the temple. Actually, they were mostly just chatting and selling lemonade... actually most of the lemonade and cold water gups would be donated, specially for the ladies and John, who were by the other counter, under the white stand up canopy tent.

Linda looked her best with sunglasses, small white sunshade, necklace, a white sleeveless blouse and flowered skirt along with nice heels, low to endure the correct purpouse of longs hours here, for the good of the community.

As it should be obvious, there are no toilets in a Temple, there are no toilets in a square, even more in a square close to a Temple, as it's all sacred ground, that just don't match with... waste.

Of course, across the street, there is the support house for the Temple. The elder ladies would go and get back all the time (or the kids, when there were kids) and also refill the lemonade thermal bottles, water thermal bottles... They were even so considerate that they made sandwiches and the most delicious snacks, all neatly wrapped up and would bring and largely offer to the ladies and John, as they were campaigning under and by the stand up canopy tent about two of the most dear values of Brahe City: Family and health.

The paper folders set being distributed was about the importance of breastfeeding. Gladly, some young ladies and young couples would pass by and get information. As Linda and the ladies were experienced mothers, they would go through their script of the young ladies health, the couple planning, what to eat, what to do better, and never forget having it followed by a doctor, etc.

Actually, no Brahe City woman would have a problem with that, given that they took the vaccine jabs for pregnancy. The supplementation vaccines would act in a matter of hours concerning to breastmilk.

John was set in his mind to mostly pose, small smile, fair muscles, tall posture, but as they were short on the 'men staff' for the day, he ended up entertaining all the guys that stopped by with their ladies - warm day and dry throat for all, specially for John. Even Bill passed by, but he didn't notice Mrs. Ackerman with him.

He looked on his watch, 3:00 pm. Other than the snacks, he must have drank at least 3 glasses of lemonade since they arrived in the morning and even more water, as they were outdoors. The big trees were producing shadow to the stand canopy tent and the table. The elder ladies had just left to call it a day/an afternoon. The ladies, including Linda, Mrs. Wealty and Mrs. Truss were animatedly chatting, while John was sitting on a chair, with crossed legs, abdsentmindedly.

"John, may the blessings pour on you." the Minister said.

John got up to greet the Downtown's Temple Auxiliary Minister, a so youthful warm smile man, that would always give his green sign for the ladies and the community, specially for them to put up charity and campaigns.

John was standing, with his arms crossed at times, and shifting his weight from one leg to another, listening to the Minister. Linda handed him a small 20 oz water bottle. The Minister was, in a so unique, animated by peaceful tone, talking about a tale from the sacred scriptures, that mentions a woman first feeding her newborn son, that would rule a big region and lead thousands to the correct path, and, specially, as her husband, the newborn's father, would be incredibly strong and bare anything, go any lengths...

Right after that, the Minister quickly greeted the ladies and left.

"John?" Linda lightly touched him in the arm. "It's already 4:00 pm. I guess it's time to go home." She was politely smiling, clearly in a good mood, but John couldn't help noticing she had a flinch. He wouldn't press on that matter, as most probably she was tired as they were there since morning. John sure could use the comfort of his home by now.

As John was driving, Linda talked about their day for about five minutes but then she would remain mostly silent. "Hey, is there something bothering you... something your husband can do for you"? John asked, half paying attention to the driveway.

"Oh, I'm great. I'm even wearing a special bra for today." Linda replied with another small flinch and the slightes high pitched tone but that John could notice. He adjusted his briefs waistband by his tight, again and continued driving.

4:50 pm and they arrived back home. "I'm very fine and, yes, there's something my husband can do for me." Linda replied as they were in the bedroom.

Well, of course John would wait for her to 'refresh herself' first as they just arrived and he would mmm.. just calm himself in their bedroom and wait for her to get back. No more needed to be said, John thought. It wasn't quite that.

John was sitting on an armchair, beside the bed, only in boxers, with both of his hands, as casually as possible, placed and pressed in his inner thighs, as he looked at Linda's bra, as she removed her skirt.

She crossed her legs and was standing up, talking to John. "Do you remember what we said about being good parents and rehearsing at home, etc... to the people, today...?"

"Yeah, I suppose..." John trailed off and started massaging his crotch.

Linda continued: "This time, I took one of the jabs after lunchtime... for us to practice at home..." she flinched as she removed her bra.

John, even being the modest and considerate husband he was, couldn't help noticing her breasts were significantly larger and apparently a bit bruised with the slightest dark veins showing. She looked at the floor, bit her lip and put her both hands covering her panties.

She sat on the bed and continued: "Can we practice?" she asked in the most shy and inviting tone. John could only notice, he had his hands towards her breasts, automatically.

She stopped him. "They're very sensitive, they're hurting a bit. As we explained early, this can't... accumulate". And continued, gesturing to hypnotized John who would do all she asked. "Please rest your head on my lap and I'll guide you."

She put her left hand behind his head, lightly massaging the hair on the back of his neck. He reached his tongue on her left breast. "P-please, be s-serious, don't be.... mmmm..." and with that she was slowly breathing with her mouth open, her eyes closed. "...sinful..." and shoved her right hand with more force on the surface of her panties fabric. John continued the same motion towards her right breast, with his upper back lightly resting on her lap.

"Oh, John, it's not... mmmmmm... sinful... I just wanna up...mmmm...pdate to know how to inst....aaaah" she said as John placed his right hand on the top of her panties fabric. With both hands free, the pain from mmm... excess, was subsiding and she held John's head and shoved it on her right breast.

John took the hint and slowly laid her on the bed. With that, she crossed her legs and put her right hand on her panties again to hold the floodgates shut.

John's face had an almost transparent liquid dripping and after some three more minutes, her breasts didn't look bruised anymore though bigger and softer than usual, more round.

John put Linda in a sitting positing, with her back to the headboard and forced her legs open while kissing her boobs. She was trembling violently and her bladder revolting and slowly giving up.

She was satisfied and left John hard. She felt suddently embarassed and hugged John tight, burying her face on John's shoulder. They were both kneeling on the bed and John was now holding his member with his both hands, as it was getting soft again, while his lower navel was hard...

"I'll have to relieve my bladder not to mess the mattress, k?" she said in a low with a light kiss on his cheek. "Wait for me here?" John could only nod.

He put his briefs back on, to make it easier to massage his member and calm his 10hrs+ bladder, full of lots of lemonade and water. He would lightly move his fingers on the chestnut color fur below his bellybutton or to the stretched sides, his skin... and would shiver, and then he had to use his both hands to hold the floodgates shut and dry. It must have been some good ten minutes before his wife got back, refreshed and already dressed as if they didn't do a thing... mmm maritally. The obvious evidence was John, only in boxers, in bed, masturbating himself without getting a proper hardon, and breathing in an unique so pleased way to pacify... some... his swollen navel.

She would sit by the edge of the bed and rest her palm on John's cheek, lightly kiss him on the cheek and look at him. He could smell her light perfume. "It's the last part of the training now." she said standing up while John's gaze followed her around the room, setting a t-shirt, pants and a belt.

She handed the clothes to John, who had a blank look, with both hands holding his crotch.

"I want you to be a good husband and resolve a pregnant food craving... for the training sake, k?" She lightly took him by his left hand and he was standing with his right hand on his crotch.

He didn't know if he was desperate to pee saving energy, or hypnotized by all of that, or with a light pain on his balls because he didn't have the chance to cum, he didn't have the chance to piss... He let her dress him with the t-shirt, the pants. She removed his hand from this crotch to zip it up, he quickly put his hand back.

He flinched and spasmed as she buckled her belt. "A bit loose, you say?" is all John required after being good all that long, with a hypnotized still some rusky voice.

"Oh, no, the perfect strong father for the training." she said and pulled the belt, and buckled it. John grunted and was a bit reddish on the face. He felt his balls so sensitive from the motion. But after such a huge compliment, he... almost... didn't move from place.

As she was pulling him by the hand, he quickly grabbed a light beige sweater by a chair. He couldn't fool her, it was to hold in front of him to mmm... massage his crotch and make it bearable for a few more minutes.

He had a hardon, he leaked precum - he gladly didn't leak piss... yet... oh the thought - he watched all of it... and she convinced him, hypnotized him, to go outdoors. At least he had his wallet on the back pocket of his pants.

It was a quick walk to the nearby convenience store. She ended up having a 18oz isotonic and one for John, as she insisted he should 'be with her' to finish the good father practice.

There was basically no one around in the neighborhood, at least not outdoors or on the sidewalk, so John had the bottle in one hand and was openly massaging his crotch with the other. Everytime he would stop to mmm... tug his thing... she would grab him by the hand and say 'almost there'.

As they arrived home, she took him to the bathroom with her. She made him kneel beside the toilet and he didn't have the mind to argue anything, anymore at that point. All he could automatically do was to loosen his belt and open the button of his pants, kneeling and rocking back and forward to a hard navel.

"Almost done. Thank you John for doing that for me..." she was saying, and he could barely nod, reddish on the face, kneeling almost in front of her as she was sitting on the toilet, skirt and panties down. It was almost too much to John... almost.

She put her fingers on each side of her womanhood. "I'll spread it open and you will make the first preliminary health check up. Sometimes the woman can't see it full frontal, so you check if there's no small dot or..." and with that she started pissing again.

John just shoved even further his hands in his inner thighs, kneeling on the bathroom floor... clearly the toilet was occupied and he had to wait just a little more. He had his eyes closed, red face, closed eyes, rocking back and forward, kneeling on the cold floor.

She cleaned herself in her parts, quickly, closed the lid. Washed her hands. Held a hand for John to stand up, ushered him outside the bathroom, lightly closing the door behind her.

John could only look at her, with both hands on his crotch, pressing his legs together. "Am I being, a good father... for practice?" he asked, breathing heavily.

He was so beautiful to her, so handsome in that moment, probably feeling the bursting pressure inside of him, so sensitive member, so sensitive lower navel stretched skin, his ample chest moving up and down as he breathed heavily, huge arms, almost hurting himself down there, tensed hairy flexed legs under those pants, hot steaming crotch... moist...

"I'm not feeling well as a model pregnant woman. You'll have to carry me upstairs." she couldn't help the slightest mischievous smile.

John grunted and lifted her. He was strong, he was focused on avoiding one of the two accidents that could happen on the stairs steps... the most dangerous, that would be them both falling. So, with each step, there was a hiss. He would clench his butt, flex his groin sides for all that was worth it, with little use, well, at least he could stop the spurt, and feel a sharp pain each time he cut the stream.

His pants and the stairs were half soaked. He just stopped by the bedroom's door, mouthed 'sorry' without enough air to form the word and pissed the rest of it, with a single tear dropping from his left eye and several shivers, that brought his hardon back to life.

As he removed his wet pants and briefs, his hardon sprang upwards, raging hot, hard and moist. He took Linda back on his large strong arms, actually threw her on bed. "Oh, John" she replied in a high pitched scream while he kicked the door closed, behind him, with his left foot. He took his t-shirt off and in almost a single motion entered her, for a long round...

**************

Author's post note: Sorry for the, I guess, shorter chapter. I guess the scenario and premises are all set. From now on, the true trama might begin and John and the main characters, who are having it kind of easy up to now, might be set to some real struggle!

*021*2024-10-18 06:09

Chapter 7 - The Promotion

Well, after a relatively quite weekend - except for a minor sinful action but endorsed by Mrs. Vanderluss - and Mr. Wealty's team, with John and Bill, plus Mr. Truss help, could deliver the reports and the new plant was inagurated in a nearby city.

There wasn't much work on the schedule nor the e-mail box, but one of the most expected e-mails arrived. The team, actually practically all the workers in the building, with other directors in copy, received the news that John got promoted from commercial logistics manager to Director of Logistics. Even the IT guy came along to change John's e-mail signature to 'Director of Logistics'.

Basically, there was a lot of greeting and the day was close to over... I mean, the work day. John was still midly comfortable, didn't have extra hydration issues during the day as meetings and business lunches... thinking about that, John didn't have a clue if those were to increase in his future agenda, but the promotion is practically all he was dreaming of lately.

He was midly comfortable as one of those days in which he would arrive earlier at home to catch up - beautiful hair, yummy jaw and smile, warm skin, ample shoulders and chest, with hazelnut hair, but dressed with work clothes, charming, father figure, as he would wait for each one of the family to 'freshen up' and tell him about the news. He would sacrifice his comfort, put a smile on his face, and contract his muscles under the fabric of his clothes... and feel so manly at the same time... take an extra effort not to feel too good and sinful about it... sigh... well, tonight was about celebration, it was not about sacrifce (was it?!).

5:00 pm. John couldn't believe that he really didn't have work to deliever and would smoothly migrate from the management to the direction position, checking his e-mails, while Bill was by his office excited as chatterbox about all the changes in the team. Mr. Wealty still passed by, the millionth time not to forget any detail from the old function nor details from the new function. But John, himself, let himself be absorbed by this energy and mood and time was flying by.

"Celebration time." Mr. Wealty said with, yet, another knock passing by John's office door. "The same place as usual, all as usual..." Mr. Wealty finished with a wink.

There was the usual agittation from such events on the floor, mainly with the workers from the cubicles, practially the whole team as Mr. Wealty would usually pay for free drinks and appetizers in the same place as usual, all as usual, as the company's tradition has it, and at 5:30 pm, John was also gathering his things to celebrate in the pub, all on Mr. Wealty's expenses.

They joined tables at the pub and there was a good team of 20 people including Mr. Wealty, Mr. Truss, Bill, secretary, HR, operations, well all the close team, the crew. They arrived and it wasn't even 6:00 pm, it wasn't even dark, in that evening.

It seems that was beer day, as Mr. Wealty ordered to be placed a big pint of cold beer in front of every single person on the table, and some trays with their special, delicious spicy chicken wings... sparkling water, soda, drinks... Mr. Wealty was in his full comemmorative mode.

Mr. Wealty said a few nice words about John, briefly. John was made to say a few words himself, not that he wouldn't want to. He would not miss this celebration for the world. it was one of his big and nice moments. And he enjoyed being big and nice... in everything... everything big and nice... He was happy... maybe he was a bit light headed. He told himself he would take it slowly when the promotion day celebration arrived - he had this all planned over and over in his mind, for months, maybe a year or more -, but, again, he was caught up in the moment that day, since the chattering at the office, even more so at the pub!

He might be starting to get lightheaded because he finished the big pint of beer and was sipping the start of the second one put in front of him... he couldn't help it because he eat quite some pieces of chicken wings and they were extra spicy... he was already satisfied... well maybe one more and another gulp of beer...

He would be chatting with Mr. Wealty, Mr. Truss, Mr. Doukas, Rachel Ferguson, the secretary, always Mrs. Ferguson for John, as he preferred to keep things at. And, on the corner of his eyes, he would notice the operation staff getting in and out of the toilet all the time, at the pub... I mean, how could a person go to the toilet so much... well that must be what people call breaking the seal, something John never did so he would know nothing about from his own bodily experience. And 9:00 pm looking at the clock... actually, in quick math, 12 hours, on the dot, that John had been to the toilet himself.

Thinking about that would be a good of a moment, a rare moment in between chats, that John looked everybody laughing, contented, a moment of contemplation... perfect to loosen a notch of his belt even so discreetly, sigh and almost feel the 'steam' out of his collar, as he opened a button, a out of his crotch, as he just loosened the belt and untucked his shirt. He smiled, genuinely. He could even get another drink to celebrate this extra pleasure - as if there were something even more pleasant in a promotion day... a promotion day celebration moment... drinking, he finished his thought contracting the muscles of his already toned legs under the fabric of his formal black work pants. So he decided better going on slowly.

9:45pm on the clock. Mr. Wealty and Mr. Truss were on an edge of the table, John had a chair by the midsection of their joined big table, the best place to reach everybody for a chat and everybody reach him for a nice word. On the other edge of the table were Mrs. Ferguson and some of the girls from their department.

Right across from John, there was Bill. They always chatted quite some, though tonight Bill should be talking less because John was already entertained in some sincere chats with people he didn' t have the chance to on a daily basis... and now that he was the upper boss, he would have to check even better his time, habits during the day... time to arrive and leave, and, he thought to himself 'finish the easy schedule phase' towards more challenges.

He noticed Bill had half a pint, so that, half a mug of beer in front of him, that was apparently already warm, from the 'sweaty mug' and actually a bit sweaty and reddish Bill himself. He was really quiet. Not talking to anyone, maybe absorbed in his own thoughts, ahtough that was a noisy place.

John looked, sternly with a smile at Bill, as John's last chat died down a bit. Bill smiled back. Bill was handsome, had that extrovert way of him, and always extra warm towards John. But this time he nly smiled back and was tensed in his chair, rocking back and forward. Mr. Wealty was in an animated chat with Mr. Truss on one the edge of the table, and the getting up and getting back to sit down from the workers beeline toilet-table was in full motion.

"So, Bill, how was your day?" John asked.

"Oh... sigh..." Bill started, rocking back and forward on his chair. "It was a busy day, man. I had to have lunch with a few clients at that restaurant, the good wine one, that you went to, the other day, with the French clients..." he was saying. "And then, we had that problem with the splashing pipe at the garage..." Bill paused and took a deep breath, closed and opened his eyes again. "That almost damaged the new stored billboards... Oh and probably lots of coffee, as I'm not getting a good night of sleep in days..." he trailed off.

"Can I replace your beer for a cold one, Sir?" the waiter gently asked beside Bill.

"Oh, no no no..." Bill started, putting his hand on the top of the pint. "Tomorrow... er... is a work day... thanks." he briefly nodded with a smile and the waiter got back to his tasks, circulating around. Bill took a deep breath.

"John..." Bill started placing his both hands on the top of John's hand, on the table. John was taken a bit by surprise. In his peripheral vision, to the both sides, it seems everybody was chatting, respectively to each side, in their own circle, sitting or standing, but all with their backs to them. Despite the noise, it was just the two of them. Maybe it was that lock of brown (golden at that light?) hair falling on Bill's eyebrow and his light brown eyes looking directly at John. John could feel Bill's gazing cutting through him, inside his own pupil and brain, and decoding all the truth John was thinking of... all.

Wow, John even felt it cutting right through him and had to extra clench on the chair... maybe the beer was having all its effects over John's body... no wonder Bill was he sole marketing manager on their unit. He would be deeply convicing.

"John... he started again". John felt a shiver, but he was no wuss to take his hands from place. He let the very warm, even a bit sweaty Bill's hand covering his hands. Bill continued. "I want you to know you can count on me for everything... anything on this new phase. Congrats my buddy!" Beer does make people emotional. Bill lightly pulled John to a standing position. They were both standing and they sidehugged because there was the table in between them.

Bill recovered his big smile, so big smile, so nice jaw... sigh. Beer buzz, anyway, John intercepted that so descriptive thought. Bill quickly got to John's side of the table and gave him a hug, not to tight. John felt Bill shiver.

They let go. Each one of them looked away and to the ground, but just for less than one second, because any 'strong as a bull gentleman' wouldn't be looking sideways. So they locked gaze again and John restarted their normal conversation. "So, you were saying you haven't been sleeping well lately..." he noticed that Bill didn't want to continue on that topic, so he just finished, as the mates they were: "We have to go out for a few drinks after work and you tell me all, huh?" John finished with a light tap on Bill's shoulder.

Bill crossed his legs and bent down a bit, with his hands on his knees and took a deep breath.

"9:50 pm, man. My mmm... legs are killing me". I guess I'll call it a day.

They shared their goodbyes and after a few more chats, everybody started leaving. Even Mr. Truss had his shirt untucked and was a bit reddish on the face when he said his goodbyes to John.

John was driving home, lost another notch of his belt and was occasionaly rearraging his junk sitting in the privacy of his car, and that didn't prevent him a smile, on the contrary, as it added to his happines on his thoughts of his lately hardwork, the support of his wife, the pride of his family, his house... Everything was about Etiquette and social conventions.

John was recalling in his mind that he participated in that kind of event - promotion celebration all at bosses expenses - since he was also a low worker as some of those who were there tonight, ok, to be honest medium rank, as John's elite and has never been in a low position... anyways, the thing is, while those are always oblivious to Etiquette, you see, medium and high rank workers... again from the almost sacred college lecture from the Dean, at the time, himself (and added with the real sacred sermons delivered by the Minister at the Temple - it's like you add two plus two and that's equal...) no one excuses themselves interrupting a conversation, ever. In other words, Mr. Wealty, Mr. Truss, himself and Bill would never excuse themselves before leaving.

It was like 'two plus two' or 'black in white' that a true gentleman's er... 'modesty' would be covered in shade anywhere other than in the 'privacy of his own home'... mmm I mean, their modesty would not see the light until they got back to their ...families.... that was it. With that thought, John stopped massaging his crotch and turned off the engine of the car.

His wife was in a so celebratory, even sinful tone a few days ago... and she wasn't even up to greet him of his promotion. Well, he couldn't blame her 'not to be patient for his late time and... let's say light... buzz' as it was already 11:00 pm.

The lights were all already off, except for the staircase light, to make it a dim light to the house, for John not to trip when he arrived... again, light buzz. Actually John was very alert, his bladder was the thing that was making him a bit unconfortable.

So, he got up to his room. It really seems his wife was sleeping in the other room and he had the room, house and 'comfort room' only to himself. So, he got only in his tight whities and socks. He also removed the socks. His navel reverberated, it 'breathed'. John felt so so happy, even a bit sinful, but no, the worst part was yet to come.

He got downstairs to their sole bathroom, occasionally and almost involuntarily massaging his... front. He would... exactly, take a quick, very quick shower.

He took off his briefs, put them on the sink counter. He took some 30s massaging his member and moving his feet on the spot. He didn't want it to get precum sticky, too sticky or cumming (the just right full bladder feeling would make him do that, dangerously easy). it was just for him to renew his... motivation and... determination.

He turned the water spray on, it was warm in no time. Not too warm, not cold, not too cozy. He really had to wash his underarms very well, he quickly washed his ample chest. Each move would be alternate with a quick tug on his member, ok sometimes he would hold his member tight for some 5s. He took the freedom feeling of being along... he could blame the buzz, but that was long gone, if he wasn't 100% alert, a drop would come out. He didn't even like to think of it and extra clenched his butt.

So, again, under the shower spray, just at the right temperature, he groaned freely, from deep inside of him and bent down to wash his feet. He straigtened to an almost standing position under the stall again, grabbed his manhood for... confidence again... and washed his hair, so quickly. Though his... state... it felt really good indeed.

The tricky part was washing, fastly, his mmm... penis, not to have any cumming ideas and balls the same. But the trickiest would be to wash his buttcrack, so he clenched it and put his soaped fingers inside the best he could. With that an an extra washing on the fur of his chest, he turned the spray off and quickly took a towel, wiping the water out of his face and quickly massaging and drying his groin. That and his feet dry, he felt back in full control again.

As he chose a cotton t-shirt and large, nice elastic waistband cotton shorts (enough to feel covered, not sinful, not lustful, and that his navel wasn't pressured but his groin was 'closed') he was lying on the bed, but lying on his back wasn't comfortable, because his 'midsection' felt 'heavy' on his mmm... ok, his bladder was full... since morning, over 15hrs shut and dry and strong as a bull... no sinful self adulating thoughts, he interjected his own thoughts... well, he couldn't lie on his stomach.

He shoved a 'ball of fabric, that is another t-shirt' and was pressing it so good on his perineum - at the secret groups at college, everybody knows that is a good technique to endure mmm... challenges. He was thinking again about his day... and again: it's all about Etiquette and social conventions. He noticed it throughout the years, as modestly as he could without being noticing another gentleman's privacy and 'inner/bladder thoughts': When promoted, celebrating (on the exact mode 'not putting your modesty to light' in the pub') would be a must. Some would take the next day off, because they drank too much, that would be slightly ok, but actually showed immaturity... so one could arrive at the office for pleasantries for a few minutes or so... few, very few did more than that.

Well, it was so obvious as he passed that on and on inside of his mind on the last couple of months. The same path to the perfect ultrasound examination image - that surely must have helped him with the board analysis to be here, today, tonight... thinking with a full bladder in the middle of the night... promoted. He wanted to best all. With that thought, he was lying on his side, one hand on his crotch, another shoving his 'ball of fabric' against his perineum. He finally drifted off to a low quality sleep.

He woke up twice during the night, but for those very special situations the thing was not to open your eyes, not to touch the skin not even the fur on the navel... lower navel... 'not to feel sinful or urgent' in the middle of the night... Well, 7:00 am sharp, John looked at the clock on his beside table and also on his phone.

He would sit on the bed, with his back on a pillow and the headboard, very stirred and crossed toned legs - he loved the fur and tonus of his thighs but he wasn't thinking about that at that specific moment. Well, he checked the news and social media a bit, why not. It was a bit a painful and burning feeling on his lower navel, but also a bit of a painful and burning feeling at the tip of his member. He quickly checked his briefs and his peehole and those were dry, except for the slightest drip of precum that he quickly cleaned, to avoid any mistaken sensation (by piss.. mortifying thought). He checked his e-mail, there were a few more congratulations messages.

Well, 'he didn't feel the appetite for breakfast' that morning... probably 'because of the chicken wings he ate the night before', John was focusing on positive and productive thoughts, never about thinking about human liquid waste... or anything liquid actually. He absentmindely wore tight whities again, but carefully chose black formal work pants and a long 'off white' polo t-shirt... again, people could dress sport for those things, like after ultrasound day, after promotion day, take the day off, etc., but John was the best of the best or even more, A True Gentleman, so he put himself through pain and struggle, that's part of what Etiquette, moral and values was about, he was thinking to himself, trying not to shake in place. He put his belt two notches loosened under the polo t-shirt, barely noticiable. He couldn't stand any pressure against his navel.

He would arrive at a good formal best at the office for an after party day, literally not pushing it, but for his first day as a Director. You see, Etiquette and social convention puts that the first day on the new job is a light day, that usually ends the schedule earlier, little work... if people could read the hints in between the lines of social convention... that's because a gentleman can focus on corking up his privacy, modesty... moral and values, John was repeating to himself and panting. He just had to drink a glass of water, at least, before leaving home, to avoid hangover and dry mouth. And that was it.

He managed to arrive at work, with a small smile, small steps, deep breathes. He didn't want to be spotted desperate for the loo, but he also knew he shouldn't look empty... those were all small social tests and Mr. Wealty was the most subtle of all, and the managers, directors, president, etc., who knows. Besides he couldn' tbe less of a man in front of dashing Bill, etc.

He would pass by Mr. Wealty's office twice in like 10 minutes and also walk on the hall, with small steps as much as he could. He knew Mr. Wealty said nothing but quickly glanced at him, great chest under the shirt on the day before, flat abs, and now spotting a lower navel in a very specific pear shape. Mr. Wealty was so subtle but seemed so contented.

He could notice Mr. Truss and another guy look of admiration. It just didn't inflate more his chest, because even figuratively it would stretch in his imagination 0.1 inch of his navel skin and he couldn't bear it.

It was around 10:30 am, yes well over the '24hrs barrier' for his bladder, that he thought would be excrutiating to cross, like last rare time he did that... for need, social convention, self affirmation... well, but he just really loved his job. Other than a few pangs, flinches, hands in his inner thighs, butt muscles just numb and some restlessness, totally understandable in this ending commemoration feeling day - that the other gentleman would be so considerate, not only to politely smile, but also to send a look of true admiration and not even start a conversation. As John was free to go... HOME, of course and then... well better not to think about it, he said to himself, grabbing a bit harder on his member through the fabric on his crotch.... well, again, as John didn't have a certain time to leave the company as it was a 'first day' for his new position... it was a inner lonely fight, John against only himself... and a rock hard bladder full of golden liquid.

As he closed his eyes and massged his groin, soft but strong, very strong Bill's voice appeared by the door.

Bill sat on the chair by John's desk: "Hey man, he said above a whisper... if you have er... to make it a very early finishing day, tell me if there's anything urgent... I mean, there is..." for someone paying close attention Bill was getting flustered... but John had his concentration like 80% in only one thing, and the rest on his environment and some easy e-mails to reply or his cellphone for one or two minutes and then back to his bladder, and so on... "I cover it for you." Bill said above a whisper of admiration and some worry.

"Hey, I brought you a small cup of coffee and mine to drink here with my new hero."

So thoughtful of Bill. I mean, he should be John's competitor, but he was there for him. John just didn't have the space in his heart for that feeling now, all his feelings were connected straight to his bladder, kidneys, sphincter.. and fortunately or unfortunately his prostate, members, balls... he was 80...90% lost in sensations. He didn't even know if he wanted this torture to end or not.

One thing he knew for sure. He was in 'almost unknown territory' of very upper social etiquette.

When it seemed midday would never arrive, it finally did by the clock. "John, mmm.. aren't you really making it an early day... I mean, I didn't want to doubt of you nor anything... ahem anyways, do you want to grab some lunch..."

John was obliged to be very sincere... ok sincere, because very sincere would be 'I'm almost crying piss through my eyes... my crotch is so numb I don't have the nerve to check it, not to find out I'm wet already and I can't know...' He was sincere enough to Bill: "I'm so tired, I don't feel like having lunch today. I should probably buy only a small sandwich."

All John could do was focusing, if you could call it like that, some two minutes.. one minute, thirty seconds on each text on his screen and extra massage his crotch, or make his legs more tense, almost hurting, or check his cellphone, or breath deeply. His belt was already loosened, shirt covering it. He was slightly rocking on his swivel chair... He didn't even notice that Bill returned after a few minutes.

"Hey, I'm having lunch with you. One big sandwich for me and a small one for you, k, buddy?" Bill said.

John would be moved, but his heart didn't have the space for that.

"Oh, I forgot to buy some soda." Bill said with a small wink. "I'll get only half a glass of water for each one of us, k?"

After a bad night of sleep and starting to lose his confidence and feeling pain in his bladder, he could only grab a few bites in silence as Bill watched him, his own phone a bit, and ate in silence too, and a few sips of water.

It was already 12:50 pm. The involuntary prostate stimulation and the actually involuntary massage on his crotch for his already skin sore organ, and aching so sensitive balls... John had to, against his will, use one of the stalls of the men's toilet, to check on his briefs. Only a half a coin sized stain of precum, no piss yet... but he felt his dick trembling and pulsating kind of violently. He dried the precum but a translucent new drop wouldn't stop ressurging by his peehole. He had to shove a few pieces of toilet paper inside his briefs to, of course, only wash his hands and get back to his chair.

2:05 pm and a coin sized stain of piss he just felt on his crotch, under the fabric of his black pants and a few sharp pangs on his lower navel, a bit of teary eyes... because he was kind of sleepy, John would say to himself. Little work. He would be overdoing his expectations, except for the stupid leaks. He proved himself. The last time his glance met Mr. Wealty through glass walls, Mr. Wealdy wasn't smiling anymore, had a kind of a silent worried expression. It was time to call it a day. Because of his groggy state already, his prostate overstimulated by his heavy inner baloon, sending him almost drugged feelings, he had to triple check his e-mails, 'Save' buttons at the screen and his schedule for the next day.

He was massaging himself in his car seat, trying to drive carefully, because a bump would send him more pain than he could manage. He arrived home massaging a wet crotch. He could, partially disgusted partially proud of himself hear the sloshing noise of his crotch massage to a wet crotch. But it was actually small, the seat was dry and in comparison with the tank he had inside him, beer and all, from hours and hours... over a day... he knew he proved himself in his very first day at his new position.

He was bending down walking in the living room, looking at the floor. He just entered the bathroom. He couldn't even remember how he put his pants down. One last look in the mirror and he was piss pregnant. He gave a small smile of almost defeat. 30 hours sharp from the last time this scene happened in his life.

He first felt his asshole flinch in pain, to relax after so several hours, then a shiver on the fur of his big thighs, his fur until they met his socks in his shins and big calves. He was sweating, he felt the cold on the hair of his armpits even with his t-shirt on, as he supported one hand on the wall. With his other hand, as he touched the skin on the upper part of his penis, he felt a tear of pain, nothing could pressure anymore against his peeduct.

With a small grunt that he tried to repress the most and a tear, he felt a burning pain and after some 20s pissing he could actually see other than black before his eyes again and that would be a thin repressed stream for the next 250s.

Oh yeah, that made him hard and stickier than before in his... shaft. The last touch and pain feeling was to quickly take care of his aching balls and perineum and feel completely blissful to impress the guys at the office with an almost perfect etiquette act, and now a so sticky and white... finish... touch.

**************

Author's brief post note: Today, tonight, was a great time, bigger chapter, I so looked forward to describe this sequence... as my bladder came full from work and I drank tons of liquid. Sorry again if the ending of the chapter gets more rushed, it's because I'm frantic for a piss right now, but though late seriously thinking of resisting the urge a little more, as it's not burning unbearable yet on my own bladder bulge.

As my record holding was between 27 and 32hrs, myself, and put that this is a dystopia scenario, I made him hold for 'only 30hrs' because i want the bladder part to keep as real as possible (with a little fantasy, of course, that defy health reasons). Actually i did that, from the sleeping part on a few times... one time specially, and the feelings and the sequence is based on a day of mine, real.

I know there should be more interaction and intimacy between characters. Now that the scenario is set, I promise they will interact and suffer, they will interact in dirty ways, in ways my dirty mind... well I'll try to alert you when it's too much for you to skip if you want. I promise you my mind produces kinky ideas almost beyond reality. Please give me a cheer. Gee, I so good right now. I'll post it not to get carried away.

*023*2024-10-18 13:19

{{32 minutes ago, PrinceOfThePee said:

I'm impressed by your holding record! I have a pretty large capacity myself (2.3 liters seems to be my max), but I have to drink so much throughout the day due to some health problems so I end up having to pee often, lol.

Way back in the day, I tried to do a 24 hour hold and I actually made it 22 hours before losing control. That was like...jesus...10 years ago? lmao. No way I could manage that now.

}}

I hope you like the chapter too. I'll unveil things speed things up hopefully and be kinky beyond my own belief I suppose ðŸ”¥

*024*2024-11-11 03:34

Author's brief note: Entertaining a bit more of female omorashi here. If you reaqlly don't like it, you can skip the end of this chapter and read the story as if this doesn't exist. Warned. For others, specially one or two mates, I think you'll find it smoking hot.

Chapter 8 - Mrs. Wealty

John woke up fairly early, at 7:30 am... actually he was awaken by his bladder. He usually had a full or midly full bladder in the morning, but this morning it felt specially full... that usually happens when he sleeps too well and his body doesn't even consider waking up until it's urgent or his bladder feels very much like a morning piss.

And he slept soundly, because he was contented due to his new promotion, but not too contented, of course, always looking forward the next one. Well, let's put 'initial Director not to say Junior Director', as there are more positions, so that, more promotions to come, for those who have hard work and... good manners, of course. Presumably this new, so desired position, of Director would give him new challenges of technical skills, and on the top of it, most likely, social skills. Putting those thoughts together and the virtues John would 'die for' 'and more', it was obvious again, John thought to himself, he had to practice his manners more, to be ready for any 'circunstance'. I mean, never get caught by some minor toddler issue while there are big steaks on the table, and/or big drinks, if you know what I mean... he thought to himself.

He would stretch on his bed, but he felt a pang from his navel on starting to stretch the skin of that area, so he decided against it. He woke up and dressed in shorts and hoodie sweater - gym clothes - while he 'adjusted his junk' and 'scratched his lower parts' several times as he was in the privacy of his room. A last tug and he made his way downstairs. He took a tall glass of orange juice, two biscuits and went to the gym.

As a gentleman, what a lovely morning, only a bit chill, to walk a few blocks to hit the gym, he was contented on himself - and a bit daring this morning - so he was walking contented, only adjusting himself occasionally, but a handsome figure in the morning.

As he entered the gym, he gave himself a quick tug, as he passed by the 'locker room', but didn't enter. He went towards the bench press. Each ring he got to settle the bench press exercise, he would feel his thighs and his buttocks contract like crazy. Twice he had to put the ring down for a bit and take a breath.

With all settled he was lying on the bench. He put his arms up, to take a grip on the big bar as his sweater went up and he was showing a bit of his navel and fur. His navel was bulging a bit, not flat as usual to highlight his big pecs, but the navel bulge wasn't even as much as when he arrives at home everyday at night, so conclusion, his bladder wasn't so full. It was just psychological as he used to mmm.. freshen up before hitting the gym, he concluded to himself.

To be honest on himself, he knew he added one less ring to each side of the bar this morning, but still, he was daring on training, his physique and on being 'extra proper' this morning.

On the third push, his thighs were trying to join for dear life as he was lying on the bench, his butthole was burning, contracting, his face was so red. He stopped, gave a not so quick tug on his crotch, was sitting again to... breathe a bit. He adjusted himself a bit again, got up, he took off one ring on each side of the bar and tried to finish the series.

He managed the second set of repetitions. He got on a sitting position again to adjust himself and... breathe. And he managed the third series the same way.

Time for halters exercise, it's... better. John thought to himself. He was a bit... tired this morning, so he got only a pair of 40lbs halters for some quick biceps set. He would admire himself in the mirror, pay extra attention to keep his legs apart, adjust and readjust himself in between the repetitions while he took a breath.

Then, he would have the bench press with halters, only 40lbs... just because they were already with him, for... convenience, of course, as he was an efficient man and was extra efficient this morning, as he had saved some good two or three minutes to go to the gym as he skipped... he cleared that thought of his mind, as it evoked the image of a toilet... so unnecessary, and he grabbed his crotch to adjust himself for a moment.

Well, with that he decided some shoulder workout would be good. He was sitting on a bench and doing some halters elevation. After three series adjusting himself, pausing for breathing, he finished. After he finished the third and final set, he put the halters on the floor, put his hands in between his thighs, closed his eyes, and took a few deep breathes.

As it was a quick training this morning because... he didn't want to get late to work... the last parts would be ab crunches and running. He was lying down on a mat, facing the ceiling. After the second crunch, he had to adjust himself. He would crunch and adjust himself and breath, deeply on the last three repetitions. He decided to lie on his side and check his cellphone to regain strength... it was good for his... back. After some good four minutes, he regained strength to a few more crunches. He was sweating profusely after he finished it. He was sitting indian style on the mat, with his fingers pressing his thighs, and was rocking back and forward for a bit. After he regained his last reserves of strength... or so he thought for a moment, he went towards the treadmill.

As he stopped by the treadmill, he felt an urge to bend down and bury his fingers on his thighs. He thought to himself it was... not necessary this morning has he was going back home walking anyway. He took his sweater off, getting only in shorts and t-shirt. It wasn't warm, but he was sweating. Besides he was holding his sweater with his both hands... in front of him, as he walked stiff fast, not as fast as he wanted to.

As he bursted through the door at home, gladly the comfort room was free, so he entered and as soon as his waistband went down he started gushing strong and long. He was sure that was the thrill, good sensation, of being a gentleman strong as a bull, composed as a rock.

Well, John composed himself, took a shower, had another small snack for breakfast, kissed Linda on the cheek and left for work, leaving only his perfume fragrance behind in the living room for another moment. It was a full day at the office, he was thinking, while he left the comfort of home behind him.

Linda also had a full day already of herself. She had to shop for a few things, and they had to organize a big event, the ball, the neighborhood ladies organization, called 'Ladies - Preserving, Inspiring, Serving and Shining'.

She would be dressed in her best stile, with white high heels, a blue dotted skirt, a white silk shirt, pearls necklace, white purse to match, also red lipstick to match with red nails, sunglasses on her head. A quick stop to use the toilet before leaving home and she was off the door. She took the family's SUV, as John usually took the sedan to go to the office, and today was no exception.

The planning lunch was scheduled at the shopping mall, by the interstate's intersection. It was a mere 40 minutes drive from home, air conditioning and easy for all the ladies to arrive at.

Linda was early and it was a particularly warm day. So either for the warmth of the driness of the air conditioning in the car, she would buy a big lemonade and sip. She arrived purposedly early, to have some time to window shopping herself. After all, when you see something you like at the shopping mall but you're not sure, you check if the ladies are using, compare with downtown's shops and make up your mind... and sometimes there are items that just need to be bought at the very moment they are spotted. Well, that ending morning seemed to be more the checking day, no bags.

It was already lunch time, so she hurried to the food court to find the ladies sitting in the food court, by a table. She greeted Mrs. Skope and Mrs. Claasen and Mrs. Wealty. Mrs. Skope had a brown small jacket to match with her skirt and square heels boots. Mrs. Claasen chose pastels for their meeting and Mrs. Wealty was impeccable, as usual, wearing a navy blue pleated skirt, a white blouse, and matching patent black stilettos and purse and she was never light on golden jewelry either.

"Let's order. It's getting past lunch time." Mrs. Claasen said, with her usual large smile.

All the ladies went towards light dishes, and beverages, for the sake of their figures, as it was a constant.

It was surprising how a shopping mall can be a quiet place in a week day in the afternoon, as most of people are working or else where, and the young people are at school or college at that time of the day.

So when they finished having lunch and the pleasantries of the small talk, Linda took an agenda, a list and some more papers from her purse.

"Mrs. Mary Claasen, Mrs. Sonja Skope, Mrs. Clorissa Wealty, everybody here?" Linda asked and all the ladies laughed good heartedly. "And Mrs. Linda Vanderluss." she ticked on her small notebook with her pen. "Everybody present, so, meeting officially open."

"Mmm... dessert time? I would go for some ice-cream..." Mrs. Claasen started.

"Oh, no ice-cream. Don't tempt me." Mrs. Skope interrupted, in a light atmosphere, with a smile. "I'll get sparkling water... I'll ask that charming young waiter boy from Alfredo's... we're out here, but he is a darling, he will bring it to us, with four glasses in no time." she finished, and that was settled, as 'the first matter of the meeting'.

They were discussing all the matters, the buffet, the beverages, the paper quality and graphics for the folders, decoration... Linda reckoned those were always great opportunities to check tendencies on clothes, shoes, jewerly on the ladies - honestly, that would give her the opportunity to check if Mr. Wealty, Mr. Claasen and Mr. Skope, for example, that day, were mmm 'doing well on the financial side' given a casual new gem here, a new bracelet there.

"Oh, what a lovely bracelet, Sonja". Linda interrupted.

"Oh, you like it? It's yellow amber." Mrs. Skope replied. "My husband got it for me, the last time he had some beer business contracts to sign in Europe." she continued.

Mrs. Wealty had a big sapphire necklace, but she would ask later, not to delay the huge checklist approval in their organizing meeting.

"Oh, you're really a dear." Mrs. Skope smiled to the waiter as he got back to remove the glasses and brought coffee for them. As he put the saucer and porcelain cups on the table, some tea cups and even the kettle on the table, Mrs. Skope dismissed him with a tip. Tha sure made him get back to remove the coffee empty cups and empty kettle, already bringing a new one. As Mrs. Claasen made a sign, he also brought four glasses of water.

As Mrs. Wealty and Mrs. Skope debated about the repertoire for the band to play, Linda watched a young couple sitting by a table relatively far. That was probably early college love - that's how she met John, she recalled in her mind with a smal smile. The girl got up from the table and with her hands between her legs she was bending forward a bit as she walked towards the toilets.

While the men had a strict strength and endurance code about that, and there were the rules about not having liquid waste on a temple's building, floor or block, etc., women would have their moments of weakness, just like the girl who passed by them towards the toilets. But, in practice, that was when a man of interest was around, that showed weakness, it was sexier than bitting her lips, it was sexy without being vulgar, putting it that way, it was more flirting than saying she can't lift a heavy bag...

"I used to be like that, when I was that age too... young flirtatious romance" Mrs. Claasen commented with a small smile. Both of the women agreed and chuckled.

It was not a proper rule, but being competitive was enough for women not interrupting the activities, speciallly with other women friends around, to use the toilet. It was as much competitive as men did or even more.

John probably thought she paused for the toilet here and there all the time. But, without the flirtatious and husband's ego filling, there was no reason for her to do that only with her friends, like the ladies from the organization around. She did not want to look like a wuss. Even more so, because that was a key indirect business opportuniy for her John, as Mr. Skope was Mr. Wealty's business friend, so was Mr. Claasen, and Mr. Wealty was John's boss, who had just promoted him, for good social reasons, too - never taking credit of the good work and all the sacrifices he did for the family, of course.

"I guess we covered about all of it." Mrs. Wealty, finished. "And with homework for each of you... of us." Linda completed.

"Oh, no wonder the young people are starting to arrive little by little, it's past 4 o'clock. Time flies by when there is good coversation and good purpose." Mrs. Wealty said.

After the pleasantries and good bye kisses on the cheek, it was time to get the car in the parking lot and get back home.

"Oh, my car is to the oppposite side." Mrs. Skope said parting from Mrs. Claasen. "What about you Clorissa, which side?" she continued.

"Oh, actually Mr. Wealty dropped me here before going to the office as he would arrive at the office later today." Mrs. Wealty said. "I'm going back to the 'civlization' in Linda's car." she finished with a smile.

As they were heading to the parking lot together Mrs. Wealty stopped by a kiosk. "Two bottles of water, please." she ordered and turned to Linda. "To avoid driness under the AC in the car, it's not good for the skin." she finished with a smile.

"Oh, thank you". Linda said as Mrs. Wealty handed her a bottle. "So sensible of yours." she finished with a smile and a big gulp.

"So, Mr. Wealty always mentions good things about Mr. Vanderluss when he talks about work at home." Mrs. Wealty started as she was sitting at the passenger's and Linda was driving.

"Oh really? I bet you're far too kind." Linda interjected and smiled, while paying attention to the highway.

"Is he happy about the promotion?" Mrs. Wealty continued and they were making small talk.

"Do you mind if I stop home first before I drop you by your place?" Linda asked.

"Oh, no, not at all, of course." Mrs. Wealty replied with a smile and a wink.

Linda stopped the car by the front door and they got inside. As Mrs. Wealty was sitting on the couch, Linda pointed out "I'll make some tea for and provide some biscuits, as it's about to tick five o'clock."

"Oh, no tea. It's not necessary." Mrs. Wealty said as she crossed her legs and rested her hand on her skirt over her knee. "Besides, we already had plenty of tea this afternoon." she completed.

"Oh, that's true." Linda continued with a smile. "But at least a glass of juice. You can't come to my place and I offer you not even a drink." she completed and made her way quickly to the kitchen.

She brought the glasses and the carton on the tray and put it on the center table. She poured a tall glass for Mrs. Wealty and half a glass to herself. She was sitting with crossed legs while Mrs. Wealty uncrossed her legs and crossed again.

"Oh, no, please keep me company". Mrs. Wealty said as she took the carton and completed Linda's glass with more juice. And with that they were making small conversation.

"I bought a new navy blue tauiller, in a small shop, downtown, that I want to show you. It looks just like that from the Parisian store at the mall we saw the other day..." Linda said getting up as Mrs. Wealty put her glass on the center table and followed her upstairs.

Linda opened her bedroom door. As she was holding the door, Mrs. Wealty entered and whispered close to her ear "Best manners, it's always good to up some extra training." Linda closed the door and smiled. She knew exactly what was going on, but decided to play oblivious a bit further.

"Wanna see the suit?" Linda asked. It was in a higher pitched tone than she planned and put one foot in front of the other, standing in place. She opened her closet and took the tauiller holding in front of her with one hand, while she had the other hand behind the cloth, on her... midsection.

"Do you mind if I try it?" Mrs. Wealty asked.

"Oh, no, not at all." Linda replied with a smile, standing, uncrossing and recrossing her legs.

Mrs. Wealty took her skirt off, she took the opportunity to cross her legs, standing in place and press one hand in front of her panties, briefly. She took her blouse off, to reveal a matching bra and really nice and big... she was indeed upper chest gifted... and firm, and soft pale skin...

"You can sit there." Mrs. Wealty said pointing to the bed.

Linda was sitting on the middle of the mattress, with her back to the headboard. She spread her legs, lifted her skirt, putting a hand in her so longing lower parts for some welcome mini relief massage. She didn't even bother to take her heels off, with them on the mattress, too.

"Mmm... I like that..." she listened by her ear, and with that a light kiss brushing against her lips. "Mmmm... Clorissa, that feels good." Linda replied.

"It always does." Mrs. Wealty replied, as she was sitting on the bed, beside Linda.

"What do we have in here?" she continued, as she took Linda's hand and removed from the place it was rubbing. Mrs. Wealty had one hand shoved between her thighs as well.

Clorissa was kneeling on the mattress in front of Linda. She held both Linda's hand above her head and put one of Linda's knee below her arm. As Clorissa had both of her hands busy, she leaked a spurt and had the first coin sized spot on her panties, but Linda couldn't notice. Clorissa felt it but ignored, for now.

Linda was trembling. "What's that, did you gain some weight?" Clorissa asked as she lightly put her hand on Linda's navel. Linda spurted a jet making a big spot on her panties. It wouldn't be contained much more, she knew it.

As Clorissa bent down, she was cupping Linda's breasts with her hands through the fabrics of the shirt and bra. And she spurted again. The first drop ran down her legs as she was kneeling in between Linda's open legs.

Linda took Clorissa in one motion - what made her lose even more piss - and got Clorissa lying on the bed, while she was kneeling upon her, with one knee on each side of Clorissa's navel.

She sighed and let the waterfall run through the fabric of her panties and fall on Clorissa's panties and crotch. Clorissa's panties and crotch weren't dry before, they got soaked, and Clorissa joined the hissing noise with her own. After that, it was easy to climax, and again...

After getting some of Linda's dry panties, in secret except between them, and composing herself, Clorissa asked "Are you sure you can drop me by at my place?"

"Yeah, sure. John is arriving extra late from work this evening." Linda replied.

Both of them, impeccably composed, already downstairs Clorissa pointed to the entrance doorknob "Mrs. Vanderluss...?" Clorissa asked, with a smile and a wink.

Linda opened the door. "After you, Mrs. Wealty..." she gestured for Mrs. Wealty to go outisde first, retributing the wink and the smile.

There was nothing wrong with connecting better to give a push to John at work, with the ladies organization in general... and having a little fun out of it, right?! Linda thought to herself, relieved and satisfied in many ways.

On another neighborhood of the city, there was John's company and John has been working a lot since he was promoted to Director.

It was already dark and that was proving to be a long shift. John had arrived earlier than usual. Had lots of coffee, mostly to blame on Bill, who brought coffee him twice 'on the way in between the coffee machine and his room', though Bill's room was closer to the coffee machine so John's room was 'not on the way in between' actually. Then, Bill with that marking department charm of his dragged John to a long lunch with burgers and soda refills, which John was wise enough to accept only twice, but it seems Bill didn't even get to refill himself, the much he was being a chatterbox that day... meeting, Mr. Wealty calling over and over, an emergency at the factory department, e-mails and calls, and there he was at 9:00 pm, a little over the 12 hours mark he... left the 'comfort of his house'.

He wasn't complaining, after all he was a strong man, effusive, alpha gestures, but collected at the same time at his... core, he said to himself while he felt himself actually vibrating on the chair, he just noticed after finishing the last big report and the last e-mail to call it a day.

Bill wanted them to go out for drinks after work, but John really couldn't do it, as he had a day full of work. For a few days, he didn't get to see much of Linda at home, arriving late.

As he turned his computer off and was walking from his office to the garage, the floor was almost empty, so he was massaging his crotch after a very long day...

"Good evening, Mr. Vanderluss" Derek, the floor guard said.

John got startled and grabbed tight through his crotch to prevent a spurt. He quickly composed himself, let go of his crotch, putting his arms, stiff to his sides. "The Jets got out of their bad phase, huh?" Derek continued, oblivious and sympathetic as usual.

After some small talk, John finally reach the privacy of his car and he was rubbing his crotch - furiously, though he didn't realize it.

As he arrived home, the gush on the toilet was wonderful. He even had to support his head on his forearm, against the wall, standing in front of the toilet for one minute... two minutes straight, before the hot stream subsided. When he got upstairs, his wife was already sleeping on the vice master bedroom... she was probably digging on her sewing stuff for some decoration thing she mentioned but he couldn't remember... she was so dear to leave the 'path free' when he got home extra late and leave him with all the bed for him to rest better. He would never find another wife like that, he thought to himself, contented as he got a shower, to finish this day, and recharge the batteries for another presumably long and interesting day.

