Dystopia - A True Gentleman

Author: eucoloco

*009*2024-10-09 05:52

Chapter 3 - The annual check up for work

John was standing on the beach, by the sea, the sky was gray and the sea water was black, revolted in a bad weather day, but surprisingly, it wasn't cold, though the wind brushed on John's hair... the beach was deserted. Oh, John felt an urge and held to his mmm... midsection. He looked again to the sides and saw no one and a black vortex opened in the horizon right in front of him and was getting bigger in his direction...

With a small jolt, John woke up and looked to the sides. He was alone in the middle of the bed - his wife would be so very considerate when she sensed he was tired and she would sleep in the 'vice master bedroom', formally designated in rank in between master bedrooom and guest bedroom with her wife personal drawing and sewing stuff, etc.

7:30 am, John looked at the clock on his bedside table and on his cellphone, now fully charged. He hated when he woke up in the middle of the night and specially hated when he woke up with less than one hour left to go back to sleep.

He was only human and if he was very sleepy and tired, he would end up pissing in the middle of the night. But when he reminded he shouldn't, he pondered for a moment, if he wasn't being too greedy and with lust, to piss more than necessary. It would be one of these moment in which he would either piss sleepy or ponder.

But, actually, he decided to have an early start, because it was the beginning of a special day, the annual check up day for work. Mr. Wealty, the company policy itself and all the good companies in Brahe City would have their workers to take the day off, if they wanted, for medical examination, etc., that was not the issue. But John knew the managers usually wouldn't put this as an excuse, of course there was plenty of time to go to the clinic and then to the office. Actually the best managers and directors would go straight from the clinic to the office.

One might think the high position directors would skip the check up exams, but on the contrary, in Brahe City, in John's company, in John's department, specially, the boss always set the perfect, more than perfect example.

John was scheduled to the basic check up only, as he was fit and strong as a bull, good gym routine and stuff, so the routine consisted in a simple blood sample and an ultrasound - so sample and image examination that was. Internet would give you the tips of skipping your morning pee OR drinking six glasses of water 30min prior to the ultrasound procedure, to have a moderately full bladder.

If you're familiar with ultrasound images, you know that all the organs images must look as alike (standard) as possible to reflect good health - corporation language translated, vigor and fit for office - except for the bladder image, that gets specially good in that kind of examination. That is, the fuller the bladder, the best the image.

This kind of question was extremely important in Brahe City's companies. It is common knowlege that at John's workplace the director's board make a special meeting after the check up results are available to compare and evaluate the results - in other others, they check each ultrasound image dossier. So it was like the 'yearly ID photos update', but it was more than that.

No other attitude was expected from the Brahe City company directors, specially where John worked. In Brahe City's values, dear to the company, as John is well aware, glad and utterly proud of being part of the company in that context, a man's most important treasure isn't in his outside looks but the inside. So, it wasn't like the check up complemented the ID photos, it was the other way round. No one wanted a low quality 'inner picture image' and for that kind of exam, the more water in the bladder, the more sharp the images.

Of course John would skip his morning pee AND drink plenty of liquid, to have the best shaped bladder image in the land. It was part of his job self image, and he would always try to bring his best.

Well, John actually was awaken by a full bladder, but that was just perfect, a sign from the deities that he was set for good fortune and a great day ahead of him. He freshened up, washing his face, brushing his teeth - oh, no toilet today. He could have dressed in comfy sports pants with a nice elastic waistband, as some of his colleagues did for the examination, for comfort or even to accomplish a fuller bladder with the best result - no one would look down at one showing up in sports clothes at the office for that reason, it was the contrary actually.

But John wouldn't succumb to temptation, 'It was mentioned in one of the sermons at the temple...' John thought to himself. Why not looking the best inside and outside, right?! So John got a nice white t-shirt, black pants to match his suit, as usual, socks, shoes, his boxers where white but that didn't matter much to match the rest. When he took a look in the mirror he was careful enough to buckle his belt one notch larger than usual to make it all go smooth to the best check up at the clinic.

As the blood sample was to take place too, he shouldn't eat (to measure sugar and fat levels in the blood), so he just got to his car and drove to the clinic.

Arriving at the clinic, he was directed straight to the blood sample. He stopped by the water cooler to down 4 plastic cups of water. There was a sting but the blood sample was fast.

"Now, do you have any other examinations to take place, Sir?" the nurse asked as she was pressuring the band-aid on John's arm, while John had an arm on the metalic supporter and the other hand on his... lap. That was always a good opportunity to have his suit with him, on his lap, and a hand gently 'resting'... ok not so gently... below it.

"Oh, yes, the ultrasound examination". John replied proudly, with a smile.

"Oh, please, you should drink some water." the nurse instructed. "Or do you have a moderately full bladder, already, Sir?" she continued.

Actually, thinking on a rapid accounting, John had the 'leftovers' of liquids processed from yesterday evening, by his kidneys, that weren't voided on the last - massive - piss he gushed, plus the two cans of beer he downed in a blissful state by his living room couch, last night before dinner, and if he was in the privacy of his home, in a common day - not special check up day - he could really use a 'comfort break'.

"Oh, I don't think so, not quite." John replied to the nurse, focusing on having the best bladder for the best examination, oh goodness these images were part of an upcoming director's board!

"Ok, Mr. ..." the nurse trailed off.

"Mr. Vanderluss, John Vanderluss." he completed.

"Mr. Vanderluss, you should then drink six small cups of water and wait in the waiting room for the ultrasound examination. If you want, you can drink in small gulps, not all at once, but that should take longer for the bladder to fill, though that must be enough for a clear image." the nurse concluded.

John was by the water cooler, 'holding his suit in front of him' with his left hand, that gently tugged on his crotch while he had his legs glued together drinking the six cups in six big gulps, sharp - he would notice, proud of himself.

The waiting room was lavish, one could say - but that was far from luxury or greedy, as it was for a health establishiment, it was in honor of health. The lights, the floor, the decoration with paintings and vases, the nice armchairs, the rug, the center table in nice wood material. There was a free capsules special coffee machine, but no one seemed to be willing to drink coffee, although it was 8:30 am.

There were five other men, six with John. John was so glad in the fancier clinics of the city, as it must be, the men's clinics and the women's clinics were in separated places. For one with no attention to Brahe's Etiquette that should be the first reason for no 'ladies room' signs around. But actually there was no 'men's room' sign either. Again, for a unaware person, it should be unlikely that an ultrasound practice doesn't have a toilet right in front of the ultrasound examination room.

There was a man in maintenance work uniform, probably an electric cables worker. There were two older men with shirt and kind of office formal, like John, but more simple and two men roughly John's age with t-shirt and tactel pants. John was the best dressed, he quickly concluded, proud of himself. Good thing it was one of the nice clinics, of course, as the armchairs were very comfortable. There was some low volume news on TV, so John and everyone else could pay some partial attention or at least look mostly at that or their respective cellphones.

The worker man just got up from his armchair walking rather uncomfortable towards the reception counter. He asked something to the receptionist and was bending, supporting his weight on the counter while he, presumably waited for some information. This kind of procedure should always run a bit late. This is because everyone wants the best image possible, of course. That's mostly considerate by the doctor and the auxiliar nurse that make the procedure.

The man got back to his armchair.but he would open and close his graps in his lap, look up, down, to the sides, impatient. Of course everyone was polite enough not to stare nor ask about it, even because the other five people knew how the poor man felt.

After some five minutes, the man was called and rushed to the pratice room. After some more five or ten minutes, he emerged, dashed to the reception and was running with a key in hand to another corridor - presumably to void his bladder after the examination.

The two men in formal wear were sitting with crossed legs, looking at their phones while the two men in sports clothes were sitting low on the armchair, with spread legs and a very relaxed position, watching tv, though they would adjust themselves in the chair every minute or two.

John had his right leg crossed over his left, and in a few minutes would change it and then change back again with his suit on his lap and his left hand 'resting' on his lap, under the suit that was lying on it and had his phone in his right hand. He was checking the e-mails and occasionally would type a short reply, not before clenching his butt muscles and cross tighter his legs before using both hands to type on the cellphone's small screen.

9:20 am and just as the first, the second man using a shirt would quickly walk towards the exit, maybe to go home and 'refresh', go to work, who knows. It would more usual for the manual labor workers to ask for a 'public comfort room' key, mostly.

By the looks of the men in sports clothes, it seems they were just 'prepared' for the examination routine but should presumably work as office workers.

9:35 am, John looked yet again at the wall's clock. There were him and another man in sports clothes. The man had crossed legs and was either moving his foot in the air or tapping his other foot on the floor. He crossed looks with John, as John was absentmindly thinking of it, the time, the examination to occur, etc. So, naturally, John nodded with a small smile. The good looking man nodded back.

"Check up day for the company?" the man asked.

"Yes, presumably you too..." John continued the conversation.

"Oh, it's the first in this new company I'm working at." the man said, and with the smallest of a grunt, he uncrossed and crossed his other leg on the top, with a hand forcing downwards on his lap. "I wanna make a good impression." he continued and forced another small smile. John just smiled back with another knowing nod and tightened under the suit resting on his lap and readjusted himself in the armchair, tightening the crossing of his legs, while maintaining a reasonable posture.

Soon after that, the man was called in to the ultrasound examination room. He stood up and bent down a bit to mmm... gasp for some air. He even readjusted the elastic waistband of his tactel pants and had a hand on his crotch when he walked towards the room. Being alone in the room, John took the opportunity to relax a big his butt muscles, partially uncross his legs and then cross them in a more relaxed position as he tighitened the grip on his crotch and gave it a well deserved massage.

9:50pm at the clock on the wall. Over thirteen hours since John's last big macho, hot, satisfying gush. After that thought, he mentally apologized to the deities and crossed his legs tighter close again, while sitting. For experience he knew that getting up, sitting down again and be changing positions wouldn't help him feel 'better', so he didn't even consider that... again, thirteen hours, those beers, all the water gulping in the morning... John was thinking to himself, looking at the blank.

"Mr. Vanderluss?" the nurse called taking John out of his trance. He grabbed his crotch tighter as reflection. "It's your turn, please." she continued, gesturing to the opened door.

He carefully stood up and even decided to leave his suit by the armchair, as he walked stiff but in a straight position to the ultrasound room.

"Mr. Vanderluss?" the doctor asked, offering a handshake, that John confidently took, tense and still standing in position. "I'm Dr. Goodfeel and I'm going to run your procedure." John nodded.

"The male nurse was asked to another department, so it is only me and you, Mr. Vanderluss." the doctor observed with a very warm smile. "Please, remove your shirt, shoes and pants."

John did as instructed and as the doctor pointed to the examination table, John carefully lay on it. It was a bit cold, so John flinched for a second and put his hand on his crotch, in front of his boxers but quickly removed the hand and had his arms on his sides, lying only in boxers and socks. But that was no problem for a confident fit man.

"Please, put your arms just behind your head." John did it as he felt his navel bulge's skin pull a bit.

As the doctor tested the probe light on John's navel, the full bladder image appeared on the screen. "I would say I'll be fast, but I'd say this is a work check up, yes?" John just nodded lying with his hands above his head. "So I'll prefer saying to you, Mr. Vanderluss, I'm going to make the best images I can, ok?" Despite the discomfort John felt in that position, he couldn't help replying with a genuine smile.

Probe on liver, right kidney, quickly, left kidney and then to the bladder. As promised, the doctor was really good, he was barely applying pressure on John's navel with the probe.

"Mmmm.. I'm sorry to be speaking and interrpting the examination, Dr. ... but..." John interrputed.

"Oh, are you uncomfortable, am I pressing too much? Do you need a... pause? If you void just like 10 seconds and get back, I'm almost sure it won't lose image quality..." Dr. Goodfeel started.

"Oh, no no... I'm not uncomfortable." John replied though he let the smallest invonluntary grunt and curved his tools, as the doctor was holding the probe resting on his navel, as he stopped the examination to pay attention to what John was saying. "It's quite the opposite, I mean, it's so light that I'm afraid the images don't get perfect..." John said and blushed a bit without actually realizing it. "Could you please, doctor, press to make it better?"

"I assure you they're perfect. I'd say the shape is great, but it's kinda squared shape as it fills all the abdomen cavity because it's so full." the doctor continued.

"And is it good?" John asked.

"Oh, it's great." the doctor replied.

"Now, let's check the liquid volume." the doctor said and continued the procedure towards the end.

"1100 ml, that's impressive. Almost no patient gets to that, specially lying so still to help the image quality." the doctor said. John felt so full of himself, he just didn't fill his hazelnut hairs color hairy chest with air because it would compress his poor navel, with the same hazelnut fur, that wouldn't be flat at the moment.

After finishing the procedure, the doctor instructed John to dress back again. As John slowly got to a sitting position on the examination table, he took the opportunity to hold his crotch through the fabric of his white boxers and dressed himself.

He managed an almost straight position, a big confident smile and firmly shook the doctor's hand, thanking and saying goodbye.

As he left the room, he felt the urge to hold his crotch and reminded of his suit on the armchair at the waiting room. He grabbed it and walked towards the exit, trying not to walk too fast, as dignifed as possible.

He drove all the way to the office, pinching his dick through the fabric of his pants. He had already put his belt two notches larger, but that was no use as he was starting to feel a bit of pain in his navel region, so he had to loosen it again a third notch, open the button of his pants and the slightest bit of his ziper. He smiled to an undescribable feeling and put his shirt's lower part on the top of his pants as he was fully authorized by social convention to arrive a bit more at ease at the office coming from the ultrasound clinic, of course. It was so good to have such cozy social rules and working in such a healthy environment!

10:55 am. 5 minutes at his work desk and he was concentrated on his e-mails, occasionally bending forward and back and giving his crotch a generous pinch. He felt his mouth a bit dry and a bit of sweat on his forehead, but decided against drinking water.

The most important for the day was that he went through the best images examination as possible, 'for the upcoming director's board meeting' and he didn't take the day off to set the best example for the co-workers.

There was a knock on the door and Bill sat on one of the two chairs in front of John's desk. Usually Bill would have a light knock and not sit even when he was offered.

"Hi, Mr. Ackerman." John nodded with a small smile, as he stopped typing. He stopped fidgeting but decided for the best to keep his right hand gripping on his crotch while he put his left hand on the desk.

"Oof... 11:20 am already..." Bill started, with a hand on his lap and a notebook on John's desk. John automatically thought it was 16 hours from his last relief.

"I guess I'll call it a short day soon." he continued. Bill was in a 'dry fit t-shirt', tactel dark blue pants and white-red sneakers. He took a breath while he was scissoring his legs, sitting across from John. "It was check up day this morning at the clinic." he completed.

"Oh, I know the feeling." John replied with smile of sympathy and gulped, never leaving the grip from his crotch.

"So, I have a list of five things I'd like to pass with you before I leave." Bill interrupted with a small panting. "I have to take notes of everything in these special check up days... it seems the examination take the focus out of me, huh?"

"Oh, I know how you feel." John agreed.

Everytime Bill would show any note or mark something, or just... he bent forward on his chair. After finishing the brief meeting, he hurried off of John's room with quick byes and calling it a day.

That left John with five more e-mails to type. John would type, sharp focus, fair speed, clean the sweat out of his forehead and stop every paragraph or two to give himself a 'reassurance squeeze'.

"John! My man!" Mr. Wealty was by his desk, as he just finished sending the fifth e-mail.

"Oh... mmm.. hi Mr. Wealty." John said, bending foward in his chair and 'sinking' his left hand on his crotch.

"Check up day, huh?" Mr. Wealty said with the most reassuring of smiles, standing by John's desk. "I know how it is. Mine was yesterday" - actually John didn't notice a thing, probably because yesterday was a busy day.

"Y-yeah..." John managed to reply. "T-the sp-pecial director's boardmeeting..." he didn't even finish only rocking back and forward on his chair.

"Oh, it's up to the the next couple of days, as soon as the papers come from the clinic."

"Are you calling it a day, John?" Mr. Wealty asked.

"I'll just s-set-tle the schedule for t-tomorrow and... " John was saying. Mr. Wealty already nodded "... l-leave." John finished and took a breath.

"Some water?" Mr. Wealty asked. John didn't need one second to be reminded of Brahe's Etiquette of never refusing any good-heartly offered drink, but the 'yes word' got stuck in his throat.

"I'm kidding..." Mr. Wealty said with a laugh and a pat on John's shoulder that cause him to flinch - and no more, as he already had his right hand buried in his crotch. "Good sport, John, always one of my best." Mr. Wealty said. John managed to mutter thanks and with that his boss left.

As John finished checking his agenda with his right hand on the mouse and his left hand pinching the tip of his... member, it felt so good. He mentally reminded to acknowledge fo the deities, as quickly as possible. He had to double check if he had saved everything on the computer.

He put his finger on the button of his pants and flinched, as there was no more room and there was nothing else he could do, hiding the open button and a even bit of the ziper, belt three notches larger - more than that his pants would drop and he would trip on them while walking... it was just saving things. No time for case, suit, nothing. 12:20 pm, seventeen hours from sweet relief, the next one unavoidably close, as it was getting out of hand, for two or three hours already out of the pleasant bladder control zone.

A deep breath, walking with quick tugs on his member through his pants and a straight line to his car, at the company's garage.

A few extra red traffic lights and a small repairing on the main avenue sidewalk and John arrived at home 1pm sharp.

As it was the 'after check up day' his wife saw him from the corner of her eye, but didn't say a word, as he rushed upstairs.

He entered his room, not even bothering to close the door. He took his shoes off, and socks in another quick motion. He felt the cold floor sending waves to the stretched reddish skin on his navel. It was an undescribable feeling. He was sitting on his bed, scissoring slowly his legs, slowling lifting his left and then right knee, while he massaged his crotch - he could already feel the sore skin of his penis even through pants and boxers fabric. He breathed sitting forward, putting his weight on his perineum, sitting with very separated legs, and calmed himself a bit. With that, he removed his belt and left it on the bed. He opened two buttons of his t-shirt.

He slowly got up and starting dancing on the spot, massaging his crotch vigorously. He smiled to himself, proud of himself, a man that drags attention; with a future great image examnation report... maybe he should try a promotion at work...

He relaxed his navel, the more he could, even forcing it out a bit, he slowly ran his fingers on the fur of his lower navel. He felt a so good that was even sinful shiver. He felt a spurt, not so small. He quickly grabbed his member through his pants and boxers and closed his eyes, as it was a sign from the deities, not to overdo in these extra pleasant movements, no need to overdo it... ot was it?!

Maybe it was the... mm... a grunt that a mancould grunt completely in the privacy of his own room... with another spurt, a smaller one this time, he quickly mentally thanked it was small, that he was still in control... maybe not 'no overdoing it' but just the 'op-posite'... for the correct reasons.

He calmed himself and he went to the oratory room, at the end of the hall.

After some six or seven minutes with shaking hands, he could light all the eighteen candles.

He kneeled on the floor, by the oratory, and he was in the perfect Brahe's contrition position, sitting on his feet, with his knees glued together, his hands shoved in his 'thighs', bending down and a bit up again (rocking on the floor). He was thanking... he was apologizing... he didn't even know what he was thinking. He was truly thankful as a Brahe citizen would feel no pain, no sideways pain, no kidney's harm in these situation. That surely was science along with the blessings from the deities.

After some five minutes, he felt his legs sore, because this toned muscles were tensed as rock... his navel was hard as rock. He straghtened his position, then managed a sittinh position, rubbed lightely his navel, spurted another small spurt, followed by two big spurts - that was the limit of unnoticiable, that the fabrics would absorb. He was doing that to thank and deities sent him the sign that it was time to finish his meditation. He would leak water from his right eye then from the left, a second tear with clenched jaw. It was time for well-deserved bliss. He would end his medidation in sad thoughts about if he would really deserve relief, if the deities would not deserve a few more minutes of his sacrifice. And another spurt. He almost hurt his manhood to stop it. That was his answer from above to feel his soul very thankful and contented to finish his medidation.

As he had his both hands massaging vigorously his crotch, he pipped from the top of the stair and saw no one in the hall. He got downstairs and touched the bathroom's door knob...

... it was free for him. So, after 18hrs10 after his last paid a visit to this room, he quickly entered, locked it. Kicked his pants and partially wet boxers on the toilet's floor. He was so tired, his cock was sore. He sat on the toilet and breathed heavily. After four seconds he had to grunt loudly and another involuntary tear rolled on his cheek, because the so forceful jet was hitting the toilet's bowl border and splashing on his t-shirt and the floor. He quickly put his hand on his penis to adjust it the slightest bit downwards, so gently as it was already so reddish and sensitive. He would continue his stream and with his left hand feel with the slightest of the touches, his ballsac and the sides of his lower navel - it was half a day, but worth it a busy day - to have a quiet resting afternoon.

*011*2024-10-10 00:19

{{On 10/8/2024 at 2:22 AM, Mirmur said:

Ooooh I love how you were able to combine Dystopia with omo, I'll take that in mind for one my fiction drafts.

Awesome story!

}}

Oh I might take a look for sure. Thanks for the kind comment

I'll do my best to post more

*012*2024-10-10 06:31

Chapter 4 - The Gentlemen's Club

As John arrived early from work in the previous day, he and the wife ended up having more than one bottle of wine in the ending evening. Naturally John was awaken by a full bladder. 7:30 am - again - he looked at the clock by the bedside table. As they had the good wine last night, and thanks to a little push from science at Brahe City, he would feel no headache. Again awaken by a full bladder before time, he should put more practice on that not to get caught short in public some of these days, that would be mortifying, he thought to himself.

He felt Linda moving as she was waking up too.

"Good morning." he said in a waking up voice, deeper than usual bare hazelnut hairy chest and some boxers, covering his modesty and a part of the small bulge in his navel, under his hazelnut fur.

"Good morning." she replied, motioning to get up and start the day.

He lightly held her arm, quickly moved on the bed, putting one knee on each side of her. She quickly detected his playful mood and reminded of her good old high school days, when she started flirting with John. "Oh, I need to resolve something and I'll be right back." she said with a light pout and looking downwards in an ashamed look, actually towards John crotch, that he was chivaloursly not resting the weight upon her navel.

He smiled and asked by her ear "Mmmm... where exactly do you need to go to?" supporting his weight on the mattress, not to put weight on her torso, much less navel, with his right hand, while he ran his left hand on her right breast and lightly stopped it in her lower midsection.

"Oh, actually it's nothing." she said, while John ran his fingers, lightly, in circles, on her navel.

She started moving her legs and put a hand on the top of her panties. John in one motion removed his boxers as his member sprung to life. She tried to look away, ashamed again, but she bit her lip and couldn't help being hypnotized. In another motion John took her panties off and she held on her sleeping gown on her breasts level.

He removed her hands from holding her private parts and held both of her hands with his left hand above her head. He was kneeling on the mattress by her side, holding her hands with his left hand and with his right hand he started lightly caressing her navel. She started rocking her legs but John held her in place, holding her hands above her head, with his left hand with more force.

He was kneeling by her... woman parts and as he let go of her hands, she put them back on pressing and covering her privates. John quickly removed them to the sides and fit his member inside her.

They were like this for some good 10 minutes when with each thrust she trembled and a hiss could be heard. That excited John and at the same time she shouldn't leak like that - woman's... lubrification would be lustful, a bit sinful one must say... her mmmm... urine, her bodily liquid waste wasn't right... and on that context, sinful too. He felt like he should close her orifice, so the thrusted harder and put it deep inside her and stopped for a few seconds, until a piss jet would force itself and urine would start dripping on his balls.

After her climax, she got up from bed, still a bit kinda looking at the sides, that was the ways from the woman John built his family with, unable to think of another intimate moment than this kind they had together. She, though, teased John, whispering in his ear: "As a good husband-wife relationship, I'm wearing a hobby and for, private women's morning reasons I'm not telling you but you can guess what as I'm ...er not quite finished yet from urin... yell... well you know, John. Then I'm going to carefully open my mmm intimate organ with my fingers to make sure it's all out by the t...toilet bowl.. and I'm going to take a quick shower and get back."

She was so correct with the modesty the temple thought, but so teasing at the same time. John appreciated that she would put herself in trouble of telling him most of her privacy in details, the much she trusted her husband, gosh, and that she would be considerate to be quick and get back to check on him and all he had to do was waiting.

Linda went downstairs wearing a hobby. As she was walking downstairs, John took the opportunity to grab his dick, that lost some of its hardness and try to make it hard again, as that made his mm... morning needs less urgent. But that was no use, it seems the wine from last night wanted out.

As he closed his eyes and was kneeling on the mattress, pinching so good his member, he heard a noise and quickly opened his eyes, tightening the grip. It was Linda placing a glass on the dressing table. He remove his hands from his front, to his sides.

She took the tall glass of water on her hand and put it to his mouth. "Hydration is everything, specially after all that wine from last night." she said in a sweet tone. She made him finish the water glass in one big gulp. "Good morning, Mr. Vanderluss." she said with a smile. "Good morning, Mrs. Vanderluss." he replied with a smile of his own.

"I'll have a shower. Please wait for me here. I want some time with my husband that works too much." she smiled looking to the side and left.

After some 10 minutes, John was on a almost sitting position on the bed, with two pillows behind his back, scrolling his cellphone, kind of abdsentmidedly, a sheet covering his legs and midsection, as he had his left hand pressing on his member. He noticed his navel was round and hard, his bladder was full.

Linda returned and wanted to lay her head on his lap. He automatically adjusted himself to a sitting position, so she would rest her head on his right thigh. After a minute or two, he had to be pinching his dick, he couldn't even hide it anymore.

With a light last caress on her hair, he said, doing his best to finish his husband duties "I guess I'll have a shower too." He grunted that, mostly, unintentionally and as she got up so did him. He put his boxers quickly back on and dashed to the toilet.

Good thing his schedule of the day was for him to arrive around 11 am at the office today. 10:50 and he was entering this office.

Just as John got out of the elevator on their workplace floor, Mr. Wealty was by the hall. "Hey, John, tonight is on, huh?" Mr. Wealty approached John, as they were arriving at the same time.

He was expected to arrive around this time because this was the first invitation he got to an evening at The Gentlemen's Club, where most of the company directors and such, of Brahe City gathered sometimes, during the evening. It was a big thing to get an invitation, but John, the confident handsome tall fit guy he was, thought to himself two things, one be your usual self and two, don't arrive too early at work and don't drink too much liquid during the day. He knew he shouldn't think that kind of thing, on the risk of being 'low' as a Brahe's citizen, but he really didn't know how long a night, presumably with drinks, would take before mmm... his modesty could see the light again, that would be, obviously, only at the privacy of the comfort room at home.

Tall glass of water in the morning, but just to rehydrate from last night's wine, a small cup of coffee and a small glass of juice this morning... as the day passed by, there were only two glasses of water plus the water from lunch, really minimal drinking.

John was by the coffee machine, having a small cup of coffee with Bill as Mr. Wealty was passing by and approached them to ask Bill about some file on his desk.

"Care to join us for some coffee break, Mr. Wealty?" Bill asked with that large smile of his.

"Oh, no thanks, I can't stop now, thanks guys." Mr. Wealty nodded, though he passed by some cubicles to talk to some workers and would take some good half an hour before getting back to his desk with Bill's report on it.

Well, 6:00 pm hit the clock. John could use the privacy of his own home, he felt the slightest heavy weight on his lower abdomen, there was some pressure, of course, after mmmm.. 7hrs50 since his 'comfort room' moment at home, but it was nothing major. If he were set to go home, that would be one of those days in which he would arrive and sit by the living room, to talk to the kids as each one of them emerged from the bathroom after shower, to tell him about their days. But as he was invited by Mr. Wealty to a social engagement, and a big one, he would be there a bit more, and pay close attention to Mr. Wealty's office, besides he had a few more e-mails to reply to.

"7:10 pm, more than enough. Time to go, shall we?" said Mr. Wealty by John's door. John just clicked a quick 'Save' and got up from his chair. As they both were crossing the floor, there was no one else there anymore, except for the security people and a few other employees scarce on the building as a whole.

"Do you know the directions, John?" Mr. Wealty asked, as he directed himself to his car. With John's affirmative reply, he continued "Then, I'll meet you there." With that John got to his car and drove.

Arriving there, he noticed everyone was on formal working clothes, more or less like his, though with one or two buttons of their shirties alraedy open. Mr. Wealty was already greeting basically everyone.

He noticed the panelled walls, the wooden center tables, the armchairs, the men's looks and 'after office time clothes', the rugs and curtains. It all brought a sense of elegance, but also of secrecy. That allied with the fact there were only younger men as waiters, maybe there was no women in sight for some entertaining reason of the big fish... John couldn't know for sure.

"John! Come here..." Mr. Wealty said in a loud voice, gesturing towards him.

"This is Mr. Truss, legal director at our company, as you may remember." with that John smiled and greeted him. "This is Mr. Alsace, CEO at 'The Beer' office in the city..." with that everybody laughed.

Mr. Wealty ended up introducing him to two more 'big guys'. John took a glass of whisky and was chatting to everyone in the small circle Mr. Wealty was in too. John was really animated on the conversation. He was a natural. And these waiter guys were just excellent, they got his empty whisky glass from his hand to a new refilled one and he didn't even notice that. When a guy would change it for a third one, John thought too much whisky would get heavy on his stomach later, so he politely declined. But they were the best workers John had ever seen, impeccable good looks, always a straight standing position, a smile and no need to explain a thing, so they had a small thin and tall glass of champagne - John's preferred, one of his weak spots.

Actually he felt his ego being massaged in all of his weak pleasant, almost orgasmic points, pardon asked by the deities, quick note reminder, success at work as sign of this invitation, great chat with the smartest people, champagne... nothing would feel better than a strong spot again huh.

John quickly looked at the clock, it was already 8:30 pm. His feet were a bit sore to be on shoes, standing oh, for 50 minutes, great chat really. His midsection felt a bit tight too. By this time he would be in more comfy clothes usually at home. He just contracted his butt muscles and he could use a chair by now just when Mr. Wealty announced.

"Oh, it seems the poker table is ready." Mr. Wealty said.

It ended up that Mr. Wealty, Mr. Truss and two other men were playing the first round while John, Mr. Alsace and it seems his CFO were standing by the table, watching it. The waiters lost no time in changing their glasses to new ones with beverages, on the table, as the players were concentrated.

Oh, appetizers, great idea, to avoid any beverage unwanted consequences, as a buzz.

Oh my, these people are so polite, captivating, elevated. Everyone would be at eyes sight. Each eye contact would lead to a nod with a white dashing smile. These man had as much or even more confidence than John himself. No one would always excuse themselves in the middle of a conversation, a card game... oh, and the service was just perfect, he wouldn't have to 'ask' for anything, literally. He was watching, with an appetizer in one hand and now he decided to alternate the champagne with a glass of simple flavored water, he was shifting his weight with his right foot in front of the left, and then the opposite.

8:55 pm on the clock and there was time for a new round at the poker table. As John sat on the chair, he felt the belt on his midsection, reminding him that though he 'dressed up' for work later for the day, it was over 10hrs ago, 10hrs45 to be more precise and some 1600 ml, carefully and slowly in.

He noticed Mr. Fairfur, his just assigned poker pair, just as the other two men by the table, deliberatedly loosening their belts two or even three notches. They didn't even bother to put their shirts over it. Each one of them, almost simultaneously did that with a satisfying half grunt half sigh and sit a bit more deep in the chair, parting their legs in a laid back position. Just because John didn't want to be the odd man out as it obviously was a social convention around here, he followed the example. Man, it did feel good, the lightest alcohol buzz and a belt not pressing, but he couldn't lose his sharpness for poker.

9:20 pm it was taking longer than expected and the other three men didn't seem to mind having one hand on their crotches and another scratching their hair, chin... thinking, or both hands on their crotches. That was easy as poker hand of cards, actually get laid on the table with their faces down - but social convention says that is for the opponent not to peek your hand of cards, conveniently.

Well, one more glass of sparkling water and half a glass of champagne later while playing cards, John bent forward to check better the cards on the center of the table, actually bending over and shoving both of his hands on his... inner thighs and with a move, 'straight flush'. As John said the words, the two opponents shove their hands in their crotches.

As they were getting up from the card table chairs, a waiter took John's again empty glass and for the first time actually asked if John wanted a refill. John politedly said no with a smile. All of them adjusted their belts and their crotches, as they were of course only adjusting themselves to get up after sitting tense for so long due to... the card game.

Mr. Fairfur had a hand brushing his hair and the other hand was massging his crotch as he was naturally talking to another man, eye contact and everything.

Mr. Skope, John's opponent offered his hand to John to shake as a compliment for the victory while he had his other hand placed on his crotch. John himself had his left foot in front of his right one and one hand on his crotch too. He gladly greeted Mr. Skope and smiled.

With that, Mr. Fairfur approached John and hugged him, laughing a bit, probably due to the whisky and champagne, one hand around John's neck and another hand never left his crotch as he felt confident enough to tighten the hug and bring John closer. Mr. Fairfur wrist pressed on John's navel and John flinched, but Mr. Fairfur seemed not to notice. "Very nice perfume" he continued, smelling on John's neck. He let go of the hug and was still smiling slash buzz smling at John. "What, some 10...11 hours and counting and still smelling good. Please let's exchange contacts, so you can give me the name of it."

"Yeah, 11hrs20, Sir." John replied. With a pat on John's shoulder, Mr. Fairfur left to enter the talk where Mr. Wealty was with three other gentlemen.

"And now, I'd like to make the announcements of the week..." Mr. Truss, started by the mic, on the small stage as everyone was sitting on an armchair, Mr. Fairfur and Mr. Alsace were sitting laid back with feet quite wide apart and massaging their respective crotches while Mr. Skope had his legs crossed and was bending forward with his hands on his... inner thighs... to pay close attention. Most of the gentleman were following a similar pattern, while John felt so good with the light buzz... he could even use loosening another notch as his belt THREE notches loosened was already tight yet again, but he decided against it, as he was sitting on the chair, feet wide apart, and both hands on his crotch, doing his best to rock back and forward very so slightly.

9:50 pm and the announcements and small speech were really fast and objective, with impeccable speaking as it should be.

As people were circulating again, John moved to an armchair close to Mr. Wealty and Mr. Fairfur. As the waiter approached them, Mr. Wealty more than welcomed a big glass of gin with berries, Mr. Fairfur got a generous dose of liquor and the waiter approached John. He was reaching the mmm... not prudent 12hrs mark and 2L mark, but he didn't want to be rude and took a small glass of champagne, at least to hold in his hand.

With that small second John took to analyze the situation, Mr. Wealty gave a loud cheer "and that's to welcome our dear John here." laughing, as result of the buzz, reddish on the face, yet so polite, so considerate and gulped the drink in one gulp. John felt sincerely moved as he bent forward no his chair and crossed his legs. Mr. Fairbanks gulped his liquor and got another glass. John thought it would be impolite not to take another glass of champagne to make company to Mr. Fairfur, so he got a refreshment, that he was almost hoping only holding on his hand and not drink.

Oh my, to that herectic thought, John mentally apologized and took a small sip. He was really pondering about loosening another notch of his belt, but it would probably hang weirdly on his pants, that just had to have a button opened.

As he looked to his left side, Mr. Alsace was by a chair where his case rested, just putting his removed belt inside it while Mr. Skope was talking to him, no belt on either, shirt untucked, with his right hand shoved inside his waistband.

John didn't want to feel misplaced but mm... to make sure he looked at Mr. Fairfur sitting on the armchair just beside him and he also had a hand inside his waistband.

Just because John wanted to abide the social convention at the club, of course, and - he said to himself - just because of that, he followed their steps and removed his belt making a small roll with it on his lap, untucking his t-shirt. It felt warm but he smiled and took a breath, so genuine, so good and massaged his crotch. After a second or two, as he was moving to stand up to put his belt inside his case, Mr. Wealty touched him in his forearm.

"Hey, it's too early to leave." Mr. Wealty said.

"Oh, I'm just putting his in my case." John replied.

"Oh, that's my boy!" Mr. Wealty replied with a large smile and open arms. "The singing show is about to start, put that in there and get back here with us." he finished. John only nodded, put his belt in his case that was lying in another chair, with a hand inside his boxers, that were getting the slightest bit sticky from this much massage in a small buzz condition, but he assumed the others were in a similar situation, all talking eye to eye, all nodding and greeting him, so charmingly.

At 10:00 pm, at the small stage, John recognized some of the guys who were serving them as waiters. Even in work clothes, under the spot, it was undeniable that they looked just like boyband material - John concluded with an internal small laugh, not daring to laugh in such a full bladder state.

Some people would ask for a song. Mr. Fairfur asked for a romantic song that everybody cheered as the blond guy, silky hair was singing, looking, seemingly, inside each ones eyes at the audience, they were good. Meanwhile, Mr. Fairbanks had opened his pants zipper and had both hands on his crotch sitting on the edge of the chair.

These people were really something at good times, and still discussed their important matters. That should be perfection but John thought that mmm... all the good things come to an end, it was better to leave home... as the humble tips of the temple thought better.

It was 10:40pm already, to complete 12hrs since John's last 'relief', he was having so much fun but he could say he was getting rather uncomfortable. That's when Mr. Alsace got beside John's sit bending over, with his left hand pulsating vigorously on his crotch, while smiling and politely greeting with his right hand and saying goodbyes. John could say Mr. Alsace's briefs weren't part of a dry crotch but everyone was far too kind to notice such small things at that point, either Mr. Alsace or all could blame the buzz.

Mr. Fairfur followed the same path, bending forward to move, left hand on his crotch, right hand greeting and gesturing, and drunk, mostly. That was so good-hearted, John couldn't stop thinking. "Thanks for the great time." Mr. Fairfur said, pressing his big right hand on John, also big round shoulder, his left hand never leaving the gripping vigorous rubbing on his midsection, standing really close to John... er... his left hand on John's eyeline. Then resting his and on John's shoulder "Please, give me l-later, t-that p-perfume inf-fo..." he was saying. He bent more and crossed his legs "and mmmm... I had something else to say but I... I... I better leave, it's g-geting late..." he trailed off, smiled, greeted each and everyone else and left.

As Mr. Wealty approached John, he could feel a well third leak on his boxers as pressing tighter with his hand would hurt him and couldn't stop the slightest liquid leaking, making his crotch hot and moist by now. And there was a small spurt then. 12+hrs, 2L+, half of it alcohol, in John's quick math, it was really time to go... home. He also greeted everyone, took the clue from the previous men and left.

He drove fast to his place, massaging and palming a wet crotch on his boxers. Gracefully the lights were off and everybody was already asleep at home as it was already 11:40pm.

A few more minutes and he would piss only 'on the next day' and leave this day with only one pee, but he was too happy with a buzz, wet boxers... the leaks were starting to make the way to his inner thighs and that gave him a small shiver. Actually the small shiver and the butt extra clenching... if that was even possible, made him flinch in pain.

Though it was 'partially no use', he downed his boxers to his knees and a forceful piss erupted towards the toilet's bowl lid, that he quickly got to adjust to the bowl. He breathed and breathed, pissed and pissed, on and on.

As the master bedroom was free, he didn't have the strength to take a shower, but only to strip naked and throw himself facing the mattress, on the bed, and, with his hazelnut hair and haircut ending on his white neck, his ample back, his fairly smaller waist, his translucent white toned butt exposed, his big thighs, with fur, his defined calves... in the air, he drifted off to a sound sleep.

___

Author's post note: I'm usually trying to write this with a moderately full to very full bladder - not exploding to allow me to write. It's difficult to get to that point. I hope I'm doing it right and you're enjoying this, because though tiring and taking a bit long, I'm enjoying writing it. As I love having a full bladder to body posts and play (please always feel welcome to drop a hi about THAT, or a comment about the writing) I'm getting used to get the full measure to write, though sometime that goes a bit fuller and hurting than it should, and tonight I, genuinely just human, completely forgot and pissed when I was supposed to hold, so it's only a half full bladder to now. Still, I hope you like it, going towards chapter 5.

*015*2024-10-14 16:22

{{59 minutes ago, Rexone_312 said:

This story was soooooo damn HOT! Like I am RAGING HARD as I write this. Amazing!

}}

I love to chat, vid, and play with everyone. Be my guest. I'm your fan

I'll try to put chapter 5 in motion tomorrow 💛💪🏻💧💦🔥

