Dystopia - A True Gentleman

Author: eucoloco

*016*2024-10-15 06:19

Chapter 5 - Extra shift - Opening a new plant

John was still thinking about that promotion he eavesdropped at the 'hall talking'...

"Hey John, time for some small cup of coffee break?" Bill showed up by his office's door, smiling.

"Hi, Mr. Ackerman." John replied. I don't quite have the time now...

"Oh, please, call me Bill." Bill continued with one of the best big jaw smiles.

"Alright, Bill..." John continued... Bill was usually on neat clothes, the best haircomb, best jawline, again, and well, a big smile again and always so warming and welcoming... as he was potentially also applying for the same promotion position... well, that if he was interested... and that position vacancy is not even official or confirmed, so far...

"So, coffee?" Bill continued, never losing the smile, combing his hair with his hand.

"Oh, no thanks, Bill. This evening, I wanna make an early evening at home, to catch up with the family." John finished with a smile.

"Gotcha." Bill said with a smile, a weapon sign with his hand, and a big wink, and just got a step behind, turned and left.

It was 4:00 pm, and it was a regular... no actually John hydrated a bit less than usual, nothing unhealthy, or worse, immoral, or worse, sinful... some juice, coffee and water, it would be the regular 1.5L by this time... but maybe this afternoon it got only to 1L so far... well, maybe a bit dehydrated... John thought to himself as he was finished just sending an e-mail... yeah, neat schedule day... and he was about to get up to get a new glass of water.

"John, my man." Mr. Wealty stopped by his door. He tried to be casual 'cheering up' but his words didn't match his tone. John just looked for a second. Mr. Wealty realized it, as he was so subtle.

"Oh, please call me Walter... we know each other for so long... we're basically friends. By the way, did you like the recent club night?" Mr. Wealty lead the conversation.

"Oh yes, very much." John politely replied, sincerely hoping to be invited again.

"So, the regional manager of the South 1 region got seriously sick yesterday, it seems, and the local director, recently appointed to the position, just told me like a few minutes ago, can you believe that?" Mr. Wealty continued. Sure thing he was about to ask for extra work, from the tone, from the beginning.

"It's where the new plant is to be inaugurated mmm... " John started.

"Exactly: in two days!" Mr. Wealty continued. "They don't have the final report. They are sending me the material they have done right now, it may be arriving in my e-mail box by now... Mr. Truss might be extending his work shift to finish the legal part, but it was already on him, I hope having his part first to conclude the dossier... other than that, I'm counting on Bill and you. Can I count on you, Mr. Vanderluss?"

"Oh, of course, Mr. Wealty." John replied to this extra work formal request as wisely as he could.

"Oh, and please, Mr. Vanderluss, if you need any... extra... comfort to make it the extra hours, feel free." Mr. Wealty said it looking at the floor and left.

Oh, John knew what it meant. In etiquette rules it meant that if he had to use the restroom at the office, Mr. Wealty would pretend he never saw it, and all his pairs and inferiors would do the same. There were few occasions on John's career that this offering was made - fortnuately John never had to rely on it - and this was the first time the offering came right at the beginning of the request, not even as the extra hours went by... it must be something dead seriously.

4:30 pm, almost 8hrs since John mmmm... left his place... and the e-mails arrived on John's e-mail box. After a good half an hour of reading, John had the scenario. Those were really tight deadlines for Mr. Wealty and Mr. Truss. Mr. Truss was well aware and probably would extend only a few hours. As for Mr. Wealty, he didn't have a way to know, as he relied, other than himself, the speed of Bill and John to make it up for the unfinished work.

It seems the marketing part was partially done, but still Bill would take a few hours to finish that. As for John, it seems they don't have a commercial nor logistics manager, so it's basically the material and no report done... as he was making his first scratches and putting the directories in order... 5:00 pm, there was a knock at the door.

"Hi, Mr. Vanderluss." that big smile could be only Bill. "Hi, Mr. Ackerlund." John replied, almost automatically, still concentrated on his notebook, but Bill had two small bags on his hands. John got up to help him settle those on the desk of his office as Bill entered the glass walled room. "Oh, please call me J..." John was saying.

"Oh, I'm just kidding..." Bill said hugging John, never leaving the smile.

"Hey, Mr. Wealty." Bill said as the boss also got to John's office.

"Oh, John, I was just checking the whole thing. I suppose you had a chance to check it by now... there's a lot to be done on your ending and I'll need it as soon as possible... and I'll need your extra hours..." Mr. Wealty said, trailing off, with a quick look at the floor, and then back at John "...I know, you usually have your neat schedule and everything..." Mr. Wealty trailed off.

"Mr. Wealty, that's one of the reasons one gets their schedule in order, to be able to absorb extra demands, even more when it's an emergency." John finished confidently.

"Oh, Mr. Wealty, please" Bill said, opening the bags on John's table. Those were four cans of energy drink.

"Oh, 5:05 in the evening..." Mr. Wealty said. "Great time for one of those, thanks." he said, taking a tall can.

"One for me..." Bill continued. "Well, two for our great John, here".

Bill was so considerate, he was the best. John just thanked with a big genuine smile, and everybody left the room, for John to focus on work. John was a bit under his normal hydration and didn't get the chance to get his next glass of water, so he drank half a pint of cold energy drink in one gulp.

Sure thing, John got his way to the report and was doing things as fast, as experienced, so that, as careful too, as possible... if Mr. Wealty needed to make big changes on his final review, that would doom the deadline...

6:00 pm and John just finished his tall (473ml) can of energy drink and opened the second can. At that pace he would finish it in no time. He crossed his legs and got his face closer to the screen in concentration.

6:30 pm, he felt a first pang from his mmm.. midsection. He quickly reminded that by this time he planned to be at the comfort of his home... oh but there was a lot to be done. He stretched a bit on his chair, and thought of loosening his belt and taking his shoes off, but that thought was just replaced by a big mistake in a calculus table he just found...

7:15 pm and calculus corrected, but there was still a lot to be done. Mr. Truss was logged off, probably he should have concluded his part, he should have done much better than they did, on their floor. Mr. Wealty still was by his table.

7:40 pm and each time John stopped typing, he would rest his both hands on his inner thighs to read the screen. He ended up taking his shoes off and being only in socks, with two buttons of his shirt already open. That would be a good time to loosen his belt too. As he would look around through the glass to do it, Mr. Wealty showed up by his door.

Mr. Wealty placed a big pizza box, unmistakable pepperoni smell, in a table right by John's door and gestured at John, as John looked at him. "Bill, pause time." he said a bit loud, and with that Bill approached the table at the hall too.

As John got up, he adjusted his crotch and was still ok to maintain his best dignity. He felt his belt tight on his midsection... he was probably full of... too much energy drink... he would eat only a slice of pizza, he thought to himself.

Mr. Wealty was eating with them and talked a little about the project. John couldn't help noticing Bill was fidgeting a bit in place while while they were standing and chatting and even adjusted his crotch twice.

John also couldn't help noticing this pepperoni was extra spicy. There was a big bottle of Coke along with the pizza, so Mr. Wealty poured a cup to himself. "John, some soda?" he asked.

"Oh, please." was all John could reply, to, actually, a modest plastic cup of soda, so gently put by his boss. Man, that was his day!

"Bill?" Mr. Wealty asked with the bottle in hand.

"Oh, no thanks, Sir, I'm still finishing the energy drink". Bill said with the can in hand. He was finishing his energy drink can with his slice of pizza.

Mr. Wealty and Bill ventured a second slice of pizza. John felt all the energy drink and the cup of soda on the top of it made him... full. When he turned around to the trash can to throw his napkin and turned back, Mr. Wealty refilled both cups, his and John's.

John excused himself back to his desk and was actually watching by his door and glass wall as Mr. Wealty was talking animatedly, apparently about his family now. It seems Bill didn't notice that he was rubbing his... front, against an office divider, while giving short replies to Mr. Wealty, smiling, politely agreeing, with his both hands on his pockets.

John got focused back on his work for a few minutes and Mr. Wealty and Bill had disappeared to their respective offices. 8:05 pm, almost 12hrs since John... left the comfort of his home. Anyways, John felt full because he just had pizza, so he loosened two notches of his belt and untucked his shirt. A quick grab on his crotch and his mmm moral was renewed for a few more files to work on.

9:30 pm and John crossed and recrossed his legs for the ... millionth time. His upper body was focused on his work, he was really accomplishing wonders so fast, but his lower half kind of had a life of its own.

John still needed a glass of water, he thought to himself, followed by a small shiver, but he decided against it.

Well, it was the second time he had something to ask Bill but he just took a note to ask 'all at once... later'. He had to get up at once. So, he decided he would take some water and pas by Bill's office.

He got up, took a minute to breath, took a quick look through the glass at Mr. Wealty's office's direction and it seems he actually finishing things and turning the light off. John quickly got in his sitting position back again.

"Bye John, my part is done. I hope I get to see your part first thing in the morning. Thanks again." and with that he left.

After a minute, John stood up again, took a moment to breath, cross his legs and adjust his crotch. He would grab half a glass of water and pass by Bill's office.

As John approached Bill's office door, Bill had his eyes closed, face upwards, and was massaging his crotch, moving a bit on his swivel chair. John couldn't help sharing the feeling, and massaging his own crotch too, there, stopped in the spot, crossing his legs...

After a good grab that almost hurt himself, John took a deep breath, crossed his legs tight and grunted a loud 'ahem' with a light knock at Bill's door.

Bill instinctively doubled down his body on the chair, pressing tighter on his crotch with both hands. He looked up slowly at John, but didn't move. John could perfectly understand, so he made no questions.

John took a chair by Bill's desk, sitting, crossing his legs.

"Oh, I'm just finishing my part. There is the last piece and a quick glance in all of it before...mmm" and Bill interrupted with a light grunt "...sending it to Mr. Wealty."

John went through his quick questions, got up, crossed his legs, took a deep breath, tugged his 'thing', got half a glass of water and went back to his office.

11:00 pm, a bit over 14hrs since John left his home... where the toilet was... although Mr. Wealty said they could use it at work... John was fantasizing in his head as he finished another calculus table.

"Hey." Bill showed up by John's office door. He had a hand shoved inside his waistband and almost crossed legs.

He got around the desk close to John. John didn't have the time to hide that he had his hand on his crotch too.

Bill doubled over his body and rested his head on John's shoulder, with both hands shoved in his own crotch. "Man, i gotta piss so bad." Bill said.

"And what do you want me to do, help you?" John said. It was supposed to be in a joking tone but he ended it up with a grunt himself, never leaving his hands from his crotch.

"Ah, it feels 1% better just saying it out loud." Bill said, not changing his position and crossing his legs even tighter.

John looked down, at his own crotch, and slowly at Bill's shoes and up at his crotch, covered by his both hands. "W...well, John said, even blushing a bit without realizing it... I could also use a break right now..." and breathed deep.

Bill took a sit in one of the chairs by John's desk.

"Oh, I'm so glad I got to finish my part. I'm...mmm" he grunted "... going home, but gotta he here mmm... early tomorrow." he said, massaging his crotch, not even trying to hide it. John bent over a bit with his hands in between his thighs... seeing Bill in such a state, and after mentioning the toilet only worsened his own need...

"W-when do you think this promotion thing is going to take ... place?" Bill mentioned to John.

"Oh, I don't know..." John just trailed off.

"I'm mmm leaving now. B-big day tomorrow..." Bill trailed off and stood up. He almost bowed with his head as he said bye not offering his hands for obvious reasons.

John finally allowed himself to remove his belt and cover his pants, button opened and the slightest of the zipper. That, along with the 946ml of energy drink in his system plus two cups of Coke, gave him energy to keep working.

He kept in that state in which he would focus on the final part of the work and massage his crotch absentmindedly for two hours and a small pang, one hour and another pang, a few minutes and to wipe away the sweat of his forehead with the sleeve of his shirt. He didn't drink any more liquids and it got dangerous, a bit painful, even, but stable.

He was finishing the last file, with eyes a bit reddish already, worn out face... worn out mmm... manhood from the... necessary... very... extra rub. The skin on his navel felt so sensitive, almost numb, though it was barely touching his loose pants waistband. John thought of getting that toilet subtle offer from Mr. Wealty, but no. They say when you kill a person, it just takes the first... with the work toilet it would be the same thing...

Besides, even after 20hrs, there would be no infection, no kidney's damage. John just had this insider information that when one took all their regular vaccination jabs in Brahe City, they would have their urinary system specially immunized. That would take John's utter pride of being a Brahe Citizen to get half a glass.. maybe a gulp of water, but no he wouldn't lose his delicate bladder stable state current status.

Well, after opening an almost indecent third button of his shirt, showing quite some of the hair on his chest, he decided he would get up slowly, walk slowly and take only a small gulp of water to moisturize his mouth... if his mouth were to be half as moist as his steaming crotch...

6:50 am and he didn't even notice the first rays of sunlight through the shutters. He had stopped rubbing so vigorously his crotch for a few minutes and that was even number than his navel skin. He was sweaty on the face, cold on the sides and on the open part of his shirt, and even the his toes in his socks, though very hot on his crotch and navel.

The second thing he didn't notice was that Mr. Wealty was arriving back again at the office. He apparently was the first to arrive exceptionally early due to this deadline.

"Hi, John." Mr. Wealty said above a whisper.

There was no point on removing his hand from his crotch - actually he even could not do that, he quickly calculated in his mind.

Mr. Wealty gave him the warmest of smiles. "Hey, son, it's all fine, whatever it is, I can finish... I'm positive you need a break."

"Oh, no, Mr. Wealty, can you believe I'm just reviewing the two last files, Sir!" John said and as talking would spend his reverberating bladder energy, he was pinching through the fabric his mmm already sore skin... down there.

"Oh, ok, that and go home for a while, k?" Mr. Wealty said, with a knowingly nod and went to his office, not to be looking at John more than necessary.

Really, after some 20 minutes, John clicked the last save. He was in no condition to pass by Mr. Wealty's office to say he just sent the e-mail as he would usually do. Actually he put his shoes back on and got like 5 minutes sitting on his chair, closed eyes, massaging his numb mmm... organ with a hand inside his already opened zipper waistband pants. He felt even his buttocks were numb at this point. He didn't know what was burning, what was hurting anymore.

He took the opportunity there was only Mr. Wealty that had mmm... already checked on him - but always so polite and considered of his mmm.. .weakness... anyways he got to the comfort of his car and drove home almost absentmindedly... so tired from... overworking. He would only arrive home, at 7:40 in the morning.... 23hrs10, exactly from the last relief...mmm even saying that made him shiver and a first leak appeared. He didn't have the strength to press harder, so that was followed by a second leak. His bladder was so corked up that the leaks were the smallest.

As he got out of the car and was opening the front door, he couldn't hide his lack of modesty anymore, but it was a very tiring situation. He was a tired man. He was meters from his comfort break...

His heart almost sank and he took his last reserve of energy to a small smile.

"Hi, dear. See who dropped by before leaving to the airport?! Isn't that delightful?!" Mrs. Vanderluss said all cheered up, tea and biscuits on the center table.

"Hi, Mrs. Wealty, Mr. Geldoktober." John forced the finish of his small smile and awkwardly sat on the couch, taking a pillow on his lap, to have 'a hand under it'.

It was Mr. Wealty's wife with her brother, that apparently came to visit. He was a big fish himself, and well... no need to say that Laura, John's wife, had put her best to arrange this quick visit.

"Oh, my, Walter is pushing it too hard on you..." Mr. Geldoktober - Mr. Wealty's brother-in-law in his own living room, what an honor.

"Oh, no way. That was a special deadline..." and John took some five minutes talking about the project, while, absentmindedly he was rocking back and forward on the couch.

"The tea is specially good, Mrs. Vanderluss". Mr. Geldoktober said. "Please John, let me." and poured a cup of tea to which John politely smiled, while taking the strength to stop holding his crotch so forcefully and take the cup from the spicer.

"I'm using the toilet. Where is it, please, Mrs. Vanderluss?" Mr. Geldoktober said... John's first thought was something like 'these folks from the capital...', his second thought was about the toilet, so he just blocked it as the first spurt finally found its way, and John couldn't do much. He quickly grabbed a blaket as there would always be some by the couch at John's place.

The women were chitchatting almost as if John wasn't there, so he took the opportunity to gulp half of the tea, and he didn't even know what else to do with his other hand on his covered crotch or how to recross his legs, that held 24hrs of golden piss.

After some more minutes, Mrs. Wealty and Mr. Geldoktober would make their way to the airport, as Mrs. Wealty would take him there. Mr. Geldoktober said to John he wouldn't need to stand up to greet him. In any other circunstance he would feel less of a man, but he could just silent pray thank you an offer a hand, as he would be less of man at that moment if he spurted even more in front of the guests.

Well, Mrs. Vanderluss and the guests, mostly Mrs. Wealty, were chatting by the entrance door some five more minutes. John was out of sight so he was openly holding himself, open zipper, both hands on his crotch, but he didn't have the strength to grab nor wanted to grab on his sore member anymore. He was in a trance rocking back and forth, interrupted by the click of the door.

His wife would offer him a hand for him to stand up, but he gestured with the palm of his hand to her as a 'no'.

He got up, arched body, his hand holding on the wet front of his boxers and after some 90 seconds he managed the ten steps to the toilet.

As he closed the door behind him. He slipped his weight with his back to the door and sat on the floor. He couldn't even feel bad, nor good nor anything about it. He almost couldn't feel the piss hissing out of his body as he was half asleep.

___

Author's post note: I'm sorry if this is not the most inspired chapter, but I'm gonna try writing with an even fuller bladder next time.. it's so late right now, but this had to come for us to move on. I feel John and even some other hot characters must suffer much much much... much more, what do you think? So horny, wicked and scratching absurd thoughts...

*018*2024-10-15 12:35

{{4 hours ago, Breepee said:

Another perfect chapter mate.

Would love to see some females or even his wife delay him and make him need to pee worse if that’s an option? Or even his wife causing him to leak before offering to help hold it?

}}

I'll divert a bit from the main line of the story. I was just thinking something... Actually having something prepared to his wife and well...why not making him suffer along a bit... and so on 🔥

*019*2024-10-16 05:47

Author's brief note: Entertaining a bit more of female omorashi here and, most importantly, if you find sensitive taboo themes offensive, you can skip this chapter and read the story as if this doesn't exist. Warned. For others, specially one or two mates, I think you'll find it smoking hot.

Chapter 6 - The Breastfeeding Campaign

It was finally weekend after such a hard working week at work, for John, and on the top of it, that was a sunny Saturday. Well and with that on the topping, his wife Linda would, sure thing, be the cherry.

Linda, along with Mrs. Wealty, Mrs. Truss and another lady whose husband John couldn't recall the name at the moment, were under a white stand up canopy tent, with a portable table, chairs and some folders.

This time, that took place in the big square beside Downtown's Temple. John couldn't be more proud of his wife taking her time, after taking care of all and everything at home, to also stand for the community's health, charity, and it couldn't get better, not even if he wanted to, to make a great support network for the promotion he was looking forward to.

So, apparently, Mr. Wealty and Mr. Truss were playing golf. John was actually full of himself to keep company for the ladies and specially, having him to be shown off a bit by Linda, as he was in his best off white cargo shorts and light cotton short sleeved white t-shirt, showing off some muscle and some arms fur, and the slightest bit of his chestnut color hair fur, shaved jaw and a smile he couldn't help in a so pleasant ending morning.

There was also the elderly ladies counter, also by the lawn, close to the sidewalk, actually a few meters apart, only, raising funds for the temple. Actually, they were mostly just chatting and selling lemonade... actually most of the lemonade and cold water gups would be donated, specially for the ladies and John, who were by the other counter, under the white stand up canopy tent.

Linda looked her best with sunglasses, small white sunshade, necklace, a white sleeveless blouse and flowered skirt along with nice heels, low to endure the correct purpouse of longs hours here, for the good of the community.

As it should be obvious, there are no toilets in a Temple, there are no toilets in a square, even more in a square close to a Temple, as it's all sacred ground, that just don't match with... waste.

Of course, across the street, there is the support house for the Temple. The elder ladies would go and get back all the time (or the kids, when there were kids) and also refill the lemonade thermal bottles, water thermal bottles... They were even so considerate that they made sandwiches and the most delicious snacks, all neatly wrapped up and would bring and largely offer to the ladies and John, as they were campaigning under and by the stand up canopy tent about two of the most dear values of Brahe City: Family and health.

The paper folders set being distributed was about the importance of breastfeeding. Gladly, some young ladies and young couples would pass by and get information. As Linda and the ladies were experienced mothers, they would go through their script of the young ladies health, the couple planning, what to eat, what to do better, and never forget having it followed by a doctor, etc.

Actually, no Brahe City woman would have a problem with that, given that they took the vaccine jabs for pregnancy. The supplementation vaccines would act in a matter of hours concerning to breastmilk.

John was set in his mind to mostly pose, small smile, fair muscles, tall posture, but as they were short on the 'men staff' for the day, he ended up entertaining all the guys that stopped by with their ladies - warm day and dry throat for all, specially for John. Even Bill passed by, but he didn't notice Mrs. Ackerman with him.

He looked on his watch, 3:00 pm. Other than the snacks, he must have drank at least 3 glasses of lemonade since they arrived in the morning and even more water, as they were outdoors. The big trees were producing shadow to the stand canopy tent and the table. The elder ladies had just left to call it a day/an afternoon. The ladies, including Linda, Mrs. Wealty and Mrs. Truss were animatedly chatting, while John was sitting on a chair, with crossed legs, abdsentmindedly.

"John, may the blessings pour on you." the Minister said.

John got up to greet the Downtown's Temple Auxiliary Minister, a so youthful warm smile man, that would always give his green sign for the ladies and the community, specially for them to put up charity and campaigns.

John was standing, with his arms crossed at times, and shifting his weight from one leg to another, listening to the Minister. Linda handed him a small 20 oz water bottle. The Minister was, in a so unique, animated by peaceful tone, talking about a tale from the sacred scriptures, that mentions a woman first feeding her newborn son, that would rule a big region and lead thousands to the correct path, and, specially, as her husband, the newborn's father, would be incredibly strong and bare anything, go any lengths...

Right after that, the Minister quickly greeted the ladies and left.

"John?" Linda lightly touched him in the arm. "It's already 4:00 pm. I guess it's time to go home." She was politely smiling, clearly in a good mood, but John couldn't help noticing she had a flinch. He wouldn't press on that matter, as most probably she was tired as they were there since morning. John sure could use the comfort of his home by now.

As John was driving, Linda talked about their day for about five minutes but then she would remain mostly silent. "Hey, is there something bothering you... something your husband can do for you"? John asked, half paying attention to the driveway.

"Oh, I'm great. I'm even wearing a special bra for today." Linda replied with another small flinch and the slightes high pitched tone but that John could notice. He adjusted his briefs waistband by his tight, again and continued driving.

4:50 pm and they arrived back home. "I'm very fine and, yes, there's something my husband can do for me." Linda replied as they were in the bedroom.

Well, of course John would wait for her to 'refresh herself' first as they just arrived and he would mmm.. just calm himself in their bedroom and wait for her to get back. No more needed to be said, John thought. It wasn't quite that.

John was sitting on an armchair, beside the bed, only in boxers, with both of his hands, as casually as possible, placed and pressed in his inner thighs, as he looked at Linda's bra, as she removed her skirt.

She crossed her legs and was standing up, talking to John. "Do you remember what we said about being good parents and rehearsing at home, etc... to the people, today...?"

"Yeah, I suppose..." John trailed off and started massaging his crotch.

Linda continued: "This time, I took one of the jabs after lunchtime... for us to practice at home..." she flinched as she removed her bra.

John, even being the modest and considerate husband he was, couldn't help noticing her breasts were significantly larger and apparently a bit bruised with the slightest dark veins showing. She looked at the floor, bit her lip and put her both hands covering her panties.

She sat on the bed and continued: "Can we practice?" she asked in the most shy and inviting tone. John could only notice, he had his hands towards her breasts, automatically.

She stopped him. "They're very sensitive, they're hurting a bit. As we explained early, this can't... accumulate". And continued, gesturing to hypnotized John who would do all she asked. "Please rest your head on my lap and I'll guide you."

She put her left hand behind his head, lightly massaging the hair on the back of his neck. He reached his tongue on her left breast. "P-please, be s-serious, don't be.... mmmm..." and with that she was slowly breathing with her mouth open, her eyes closed. "...sinful..." and shoved her right hand with more force on the surface of her panties fabric. John continued the same motion towards her right breast, with his upper back lightly resting on her lap.

"Oh, John, it's not... mmmmmm... sinful... I just wanna up...mmmm...pdate to know how to inst....aaaah" she said as John placed his right hand on the top of her panties fabric. With both hands free, the pain from mmm... excess, was subsiding and she held John's head and shoved it on her right breast.

John took the hint and slowly laid her on the bed. With that, she crossed her legs and put her right hand on her panties again to hold the floodgates shut.

John's face had an almost transparent liquid dripping and after some three more minutes, her breasts didn't look bruised anymore though bigger and softer than usual, more round.

John put Linda in a sitting positing, with her back to the headboard and forced her legs open while kissing her boobs. She was trembling violently and her bladder revolting and slowly giving up.

She was satisfied and left John hard. She felt suddently embarassed and hugged John tight, burying her face on John's shoulder. They were both kneeling on the bed and John was now holding his member with his both hands, as it was getting soft again, while his lower navel was hard...

"I'll have to relieve my bladder not to mess the mattress, k?" she said in a low with a light kiss on his cheek. "Wait for me here?" John could only nod.

He put his briefs back on, to make it easier to massage his member and calm his 10hrs+ bladder, full of lots of lemonade and water. He would lightly move his fingers on the chestnut color fur below his bellybutton or to the stretched sides, his skin... and would shiver, and then he had to use his both hands to hold the floodgates shut and dry. It must have been some good ten minutes before his wife got back, refreshed and already dressed as if they didn't do a thing... mmm maritally. The obvious evidence was John, only in boxers, in bed, masturbating himself without getting a proper hardon, and breathing in an unique so pleased way to pacify... some... his swollen navel.

She would sit by the edge of the bed and rest her palm on John's cheek, lightly kiss him on the cheek and look at him. He could smell her light perfume. "It's the last part of the training now." she said standing up while John's gaze followed her around the room, setting a t-shirt, pants and a belt.

She handed the clothes to John, who had a blank look, with both hands holding his crotch.

"I want you to be a good husband and resolve a pregnant food craving... for the training sake, k?" She lightly took him by his left hand and he was standing with his right hand on his crotch.

He didn't know if he was desperate to pee saving energy, or hypnotized by all of that, or with a light pain on his balls because he didn't have the chance to cum, he didn't have the chance to piss... He let her dress him with the t-shirt, the pants. She removed his hand from this crotch to zip it up, he quickly put his hand back.

He flinched and spasmed as she buckled her belt. "A bit loose, you say?" is all John required after being good all that long, with a hypnotized still some rusky voice.

"Oh, no, the perfect strong father for the training." she said and pulled the belt, and buckled it. John grunted and was a bit reddish on the face. He felt his balls so sensitive from the motion. But after such a huge compliment, he... almost... didn't move from place.

As she was pulling him by the hand, he quickly grabbed a light beige sweater by a chair. He couldn't fool her, it was to hold in front of him to mmm... massage his crotch and make it bearable for a few more minutes.

He had a hardon, he leaked precum - he gladly didn't leak piss... yet... oh the thought - he watched all of it... and she convinced him, hypnotized him, to go outdoors. At least he had his wallet on the back pocket of his pants.

It was a quick walk to the nearby convenience store. She ended up having a 18oz isotonic and one for John, as she insisted he should 'be with her' to finish the good father practice.

There was basically no one around in the neighborhood, at least not outdoors or on the sidewalk, so John had the bottle in one hand and was openly massaging his crotch with the other. Everytime he would stop to mmm... tug his thing... she would grab him by the hand and say 'almost there'.

As they arrived home, she took him to the bathroom with her. She made him kneel beside the toilet and he didn't have the mind to argue anything, anymore at that point. All he could automatically do was to loosen his belt and open the button of his pants, kneeling and rocking back and forward to a hard navel.

"Almost done. Thank you John for doing that for me..." she was saying, and he could barely nod, reddish on the face, kneeling almost in front of her as she was sitting on the toilet, skirt and panties down. It was almost too much to John... almost.

She put her fingers on each side of her womanhood. "I'll spread it open and you will make the first preliminary health check up. Sometimes the woman can't see it full frontal, so you check if there's no small dot or..." and with that she started pissing again.

John just shoved even further his hands in his inner thighs, kneeling on the bathroom floor... clearly the toilet was occupied and he had to wait just a little more. He had his eyes closed, red face, closed eyes, rocking back and forward, kneeling on the cold floor.

She cleaned herself in her parts, quickly, closed the lid. Washed her hands. Held a hand for John to stand up, ushered him outside the bathroom, lightly closing the door behind her.

John could only look at her, with both hands on his crotch, pressing his legs together. "Am I being, a good father... for practice?" he asked, breathing heavily.

He was so beautiful to her, so handsome in that moment, probably feeling the bursting pressure inside of him, so sensitive member, so sensitive lower navel stretched skin, his ample chest moving up and down as he breathed heavily, huge arms, almost hurting himself down there, tensed hairy flexed legs under those pants, hot steaming crotch... moist...

"I'm not feeling well as a model pregnant woman. You'll have to carry me upstairs." she couldn't help the slightest mischievous smile.

John grunted and lifted her. He was strong, he was focused on avoiding one of the two accidents that could happen on the stairs steps... the most dangerous, that would be them both falling. So, with each step, there was a hiss. He would clench his butt, flex his groin sides for all that was worth it, with little use, well, at least he could stop the spurt, and feel a sharp pain each time he cut the stream.

His pants and the stairs were half soaked. He just stopped by the bedroom's door, mouthed 'sorry' without enough air to form the word and pissed the rest of it, with a single tear dropping from his left eye and several shivers, that brought his hardon back to life.

As he removed his wet pants and briefs, his hardon sprang upwards, raging hot, hard and moist. He took Linda back on his large strong arms, actually threw her on bed. "Oh, John" she replied in a high pitched scream while he kicked the door closed, behind him, with his left foot. He took his t-shirt off and in almost a single motion entered her, for a long round...

___

Author's post note: Sorry for the, I guess, shorter chapter. I guess the scenario and premises are all set. From now on, the true trama might begin and John and the main characters, who are having it kind of easy up to now, might be set to some real struggle!

*021*2024-10-18 06:09

Chapter 7 - The Promotion

Well, after a relatively quite weekend - except for a minor sinful action but endorsed by Mrs. Vanderluss - and Mr. Wealty's team, with John and Bill, plus Mr. Truss help, could deliver the reports and the new plant was inagurated in a nearby city.

There wasn't much work on the schedule nor the e-mail box, but one of the most expected e-mails arrived. The team, actually practically all the workers in the building, with other directors in copy, received the news that John got promoted from commercial logistics manager to Director of Logistics. Even the IT guy came along to change John's e-mail signature to 'Director of Logistics'.

Basically, there was a lot of greeting and the day was close to over... I mean, the work day. John was still midly comfortable, didn't have extra hydration issues during the day as meetings and business lunches... thinking about that, John didn't have a clue if those were to increase in his future agenda, but the promotion is practically all he was dreaming of lately.

He was midly comfortable as one of those days in which he would arrive earlier at home to catch up - beautiful hair, yummy jaw and smile, warm skin, ample shoulders and chest, with hazelnut hair, but dressed with work clothes, charming, father figure, as he would wait for each one of the family to 'freshen up' and tell him about the news. He would sacrifice his comfort, put a smile on his face, and contract his muscles under the fabric of his clothes... and feel so manly at the same time... take an extra effort not to feel too good and sinful about it... sigh... well, tonight was about celebration, it was not about sacrifce (was it?!).

5:00 pm. John couldn't believe that he really didn't have work to deliever and would smoothly migrate from the management to the direction position, checking his e-mails, while Bill was by his office excited as chatterbox about all the changes in the team. Mr. Wealty still passed by, the millionth time not to forget any detail from the old function nor details from the new function. But John, himself, let himself be absorbed by this energy and mood and time was flying by.

"Celebration time." Mr. Wealty said with, yet, another knock passing by John's office door. "The same place as usual, all as usual..." Mr. Wealty finished with a wink.

There was the usual agittation from such events on the floor, mainly with the workers from the cubicles, practially the whole team as Mr. Wealty would usually pay for free drinks and appetizers in the same place as usual, all as usual, as the company's tradition has it, and at 5:30 pm, John was also gathering his things to celebrate in the pub, all on Mr. Wealty's expenses.

They joined tables at the pub and there was a good team of 20 people including Mr. Wealty, Mr. Truss, Bill, secretary, HR, operations, well all the close team, the crew. They arrived and it wasn't even 6:00 pm, it wasn't even dark, in that evening.

It seems that was beer day, as Mr. Wealty ordered to be placed a big pint of cold beer in front of every single person on the table, and some trays with their special, delicious spicy chicken wings... sparkling water, soda, drinks... Mr. Wealty was in his full comemmorative mode.

Mr. Wealty said a few nice words about John, briefly. John was made to say a few words himself, not that he wouldn't want to. He would not miss this celebration for the world. it was one of his big and nice moments. And he enjoyed being big and nice... in everything... everything big and nice... He was happy... maybe he was a bit light headed. He told himself he would take it slowly when the promotion day celebration arrived - he had this all planned over and over in his mind, for months, maybe a year or more -, but, again, he was caught up in the moment that day, since the chattering at the office, even more so at the pub!

He might be starting to get lightheaded because he finished the big pint of beer and was sipping the start of the second one put in front of him... he couldn't help it because he eat quite some pieces of chicken wings and they were extra spicy... he was already satisfied... well maybe one more and another gulp of beer...

He would be chatting with Mr. Wealty, Mr. Truss, Mr. Doukas, Rachel Ferguson, the secretary, always Mrs. Ferguson for John, as he preferred to keep things at. And, on the corner of his eyes, he would notice the operation staff getting in and out of the toilet all the time, at the pub... I mean, how could a person go to the toilet so much... well that must be what people call breaking the seal, something John never did so he would know nothing about from his own bodily experience. And 9:00 pm looking at the clock... actually, in quick math, 12 hours, on the dot, that John had been to the toilet himself.

Thinking about that would be a good of a moment, a rare moment in between chats, that John looked everybody laughing, contented, a moment of contemplation... perfect to loosen a notch of his belt even so discreetly, sigh and almost feel the 'steam' out of his collar, as he opened a button, a out of his crotch, as he just loosened the belt and untucked his shirt. He smiled, genuinely. He could even get another drink to celebrate this extra pleasure - as if there were something even more pleasant in a promotion day... a promotion day celebration moment... drinking, he finished his thought contracting the muscles of his already toned legs under the fabric of his formal black work pants. So he decided better going on slowly.

9:45pm on the clock. Mr. Wealty and Mr. Truss were on an edge of the table, John had a chair by the midsection of their joined big table, the best place to reach everybody for a chat and everybody reach him for a nice word. On the other edge of the table were Mrs. Ferguson and some of the girls from their department.

Right across from John, there was Bill. They always chatted quite some, though tonight Bill should be talking less because John was already entertained in some sincere chats with people he didn' t have the chance to on a daily basis... and now that he was the upper boss, he would have to check even better his time, habits during the day... time to arrive and leave, and, he thought to himself 'finish the easy schedule phase' towards more challenges.

He noticed Bill had half a pint, so that, half a mug of beer in front of him, that was apparently already warm, from the 'sweaty mug' and actually a bit sweaty and reddish Bill himself. He was really quiet. Not talking to anyone, maybe absorbed in his own thoughts, ahtough that was a noisy place.

John looked, sternly with a smile at Bill, as John's last chat died down a bit. Bill smiled back. Bill was handsome, had that extrovert way of him, and always extra warm towards John. But this time he nly smiled back and was tensed in his chair, rocking back and forward. Mr. Wealty was in an animated chat with Mr. Truss on one the edge of the table, and the getting up and getting back to sit down from the workers beeline toilet-table was in full motion.

"So, Bill, how was your day?" John asked.

"Oh... sigh..." Bill started, rocking back and forward on his chair. "It was a busy day, man. I had to have lunch with a few clients at that restaurant, the good wine one, that you went to, the other day, with the French clients..." he was saying. "And then, we had that problem with the splashing pipe at the garage..." Bill paused and took a deep breath, closed and opened his eyes again. "That almost damaged the new stored billboards... Oh and probably lots of coffee, as I'm not getting a good night of sleep in days..." he trailed off.

"Can I replace your beer for a cold one, Sir?" the waiter gently asked beside Bill.

"Oh, no no no..." Bill started, putting his hand on the top of the pint. "Tomorrow... er... is a work day... thanks." he briefly nodded with a smile and the waiter got back to his tasks, circulating around. Bill took a deep breath.

"John..." Bill started placing his both hands on the top of John's hand, on the table. John was taken a bit by surprise. In his peripheral vision, to the both sides, it seems everybody was chatting, respectively to each side, in their own circle, sitting or standing, but all with their backs to them. Despite the noise, it was just the two of them. Maybe it was that lock of brown (golden at that light?) hair falling on Bill's eyebrow and his light brown eyes looking directly at John. John could feel Bill's gazing cutting through him, inside his own pupil and brain, and decoding all the truth John was thinking of... all.

Wow, John even felt it cutting right through him and had to extra clench on the chair... maybe the beer was having all its effects over John's body... no wonder Bill was he sole marketing manager on their unit. He would be deeply convicing.

"John... he started again". John felt a shiver, but he was no wuss to take his hands from place. He let the very warm, even a bit sweaty Bill's hand covering his hands. Bill continued. "I want you to know you can count on me for everything... anything on this new phase. Congrats my buddy!" Beer does make people emotional. Bill lightly pulled John to a standing position. They were both standing and they sidehugged because there was the table in between them.

Bill recovered his big smile, so big smile, so nice jaw... sigh. Beer buzz, anyway, John intercepted that so descriptive thought. Bill quickly got to John's side of the table and gave him a hug, not to tight. John felt Bill shiver.

They let go. Each one of them looked away and to the ground, but just for less than one second, because any 'strong as a bull gentleman' wouldn't be looking sideways. So they locked gaze again and John restarted their normal conversation. "So, you were saying you haven't been sleeping well lately..." he noticed that Bill didn't want to continue on that topic, so he just finished, as the mates they were: "We have to go out for a few drinks after work and you tell me all, huh?" John finished with a light tap on Bill's shoulder.

Bill crossed his legs and bent down a bit, with his hands on his knees and took a deep breath.

"9:50 pm, man. My mmm... legs are killing me". I guess I'll call it a day.

They shared their goodbyes and after a few more chats, everybody started leaving. Even Mr. Truss had his shirt untucked and was a bit reddish on the face when he said his goodbyes to John.

John was driving home, lost another notch of his belt and was occasionaly rearraging his junk sitting in the privacy of his car, and that didn't prevent him a smile, on the contrary, as it added to his happines on his thoughts of his lately hardwork, the support of his wife, the pride of his family, his house... Everything was about Etiquette and social conventions.

John was recalling in his mind that he participated in that kind of event - promotion celebration all at bosses expenses - since he was also a low worker as some of those who were there tonight, ok, to be honest medium rank, as John's elite and has never been in a low position... anyways, the thing is, while those are always oblivious to Etiquette, you see, medium and high rank workers... again from the almost sacred college lecture from the Dean, at the time, himself (and added with the real sacred sermons delivered by the Minister at the Temple - it's like you add two plus two and that's equal...) no one excuses themselves interrupting a conversation, ever. In other words, Mr. Wealty, Mr. Truss, himself and Bill would never excuse themselves before leaving.

It was like 'two plus two' or 'black in white' that a true gentleman's er... 'modesty' would be covered in shade anywhere other than in the 'privacy of his own home'... mmm I mean, their modesty would not see the light until they got back to their ...families.... that was it. With that thought, John stopped massaging his crotch and turned off the engine of the car.

His wife was in a so celebratory, even sinful tone a few days ago... and she wasn't even up to greet him of his promotion. Well, he couldn't blame her 'not to be patient for his late time and... let's say light... buzz' as it was already 11:00 pm.

The lights were all already off, except for the staircase light, to make it a dim light to the house, for John not to trip when he arrived... again, light buzz. Actually John was very alert, his bladder was the thing that was making him a bit unconfortable.

So, he got up to his room. It really seems his wife was sleeping in the other room and he had the room, house and 'comfort room' only to himself. So, he got only in his tight whities and socks. He also removed the socks. His navel reverberated, it 'breathed'. John felt so so happy, even a bit sinful, but no, the worst part was yet to come.

He got downstairs to their sole bathroom, occasionally and almost involuntarily massaging his... front. He would... exactly, take a quick, very quick shower.

He took off his briefs, put them on the sink counter. He took some 30s massaging his member and moving his feet on the spot. He didn't want it to get precum sticky, too sticky or cumming (the just right full bladder feeling would make him do that, dangerously easy). it was just for him to renew his... motivation and... determination.

He turned the water spray on, it was warm in no time. Not too warm, not cold, not too cozy. He really had to wash his underarms very well, he quickly washed his ample chest. Each move would be alternate with a quick tug on his member, ok sometimes he would hold his member tight for some 5s. He took the freedom feeling of being along... he could blame the buzz, but that was long gone, if he wasn't 100% alert, a drop would come out. He didn't even like to think of it and extra clenched his butt.

So, again, under the shower spray, just at the right temperature, he groaned freely, from deep inside of him and bent down to wash his feet. He straigtened to an almost standing position under the stall again, grabbed his manhood for... confidence again... and washed his hair, so quickly. Though his... state... it felt really good indeed.

The tricky part was washing, fastly, his mmm... penis, not to have any cumming ideas and balls the same. But the trickiest would be to wash his buttcrack, so he clenched it and put his soaped fingers inside the best he could. With that an an extra washing on the fur of his chest, he turned the spray off and quickly took a towel, wiping the water out of his face and quickly massaging and drying his groin. That and his feet dry, he felt back in full control again.

As he chose a cotton t-shirt and large, nice elastic waistband cotton shorts (enough to feel covered, not sinful, not lustful, and that his navel wasn't pressured but his groin was 'closed') he was lying on the bed, but lying on his back wasn't comfortable, because his 'midsection' felt 'heavy' on his mmm... ok, his bladder was full... since morning, over 15hrs shut and dry and strong as a bull... no sinful self adulating thoughts, he interjected his own thoughts... well, he couldn't lie on his stomach.

He shoved a 'ball of fabric, that is another t-shirt' and was pressing it so good on his perineum - at the secret groups at college, everybody knows that is a good technique to endure mmm... challenges. He was thinking again about his day... and again: it's all about Etiquette and social conventions. He noticed it throughout the years, as modestly as he could without being noticing another gentleman's privacy and 'inner/bladder thoughts': When promoted, celebrating (on the exact mode 'not putting your modesty to light' in the pub') would be a must. Some would take the next day off, because they drank too much, that would be slightly ok, but actually showed immaturity... so one could arrive at the office for pleasantries for a few minutes or so... few, very few did more than that.

Well, it was so obvious as he passed that on and on inside of his mind on the last couple of months. The same path to the perfect ultrasound examination image - that surely must have helped him with the board analysis to be here, today, tonight... thinking with a full bladder in the middle of the night... promoted. He wanted to best all. With that thought, he was lying on his side, one hand on his crotch, another shoving his 'ball of fabric' against his perineum. He finally drifted off to a low quality sleep.

He woke up twice during the night, but for those very special situations the thing was not to open your eyes, not to touch the skin not even the fur on the navel... lower navel... 'not to feel sinful or urgent' in the middle of the night... Well, 7:00 am sharp, John looked at the clock on his beside table and also on his phone.

He would sit on the bed, with his back on a pillow and the headboard, very stirred and crossed toned legs - he loved the fur and tonus of his thighs but he wasn't thinking about that at that specific moment. Well, he checked the news and social media a bit, why not. It was a bit a painful and burning feeling on his lower navel, but also a bit of a painful and burning feeling at the tip of his member. He quickly checked his briefs and his peehole and those were dry, except for the slightest drip of precum that he quickly cleaned, to avoid any mistaken sensation (by piss.. mortifying thought). He checked his e-mail, there were a few more congratulations messages.

Well, 'he didn't feel the appetite for breakfast' that morning... probably 'because of the chicken wings he ate the night before', John was focusing on positive and productive thoughts, never about thinking about human liquid waste... or anything liquid actually. He absentmindely wore tight whities again, but carefully chose black formal work pants and a long 'off white' polo t-shirt... again, people could dress sport for those things, like after ultrasound day, after promotion day, take the day off, etc., but John was the best of the best or even more, A True Gentleman, so he put himself through pain and struggle, that's part of what Etiquette, moral and values was about, he was thinking to himself, trying not to shake in place. He put his belt two notches loosened under the polo t-shirt, barely noticiable. He couldn't stand any pressure against his navel.

He would arrive at a good formal best at the office for an after party day, literally not pushing it, but for his first day as a Director. You see, Etiquette and social convention puts that the first day on the new job is a light day, that usually ends the schedule earlier, little work... if people could read the hints in between the lines of social convention... that's because a gentleman can focus on corking up his privacy, modesty... moral and values, John was repeating to himself and panting. He just had to drink a glass of water, at least, before leaving home, to avoid hangover and dry mouth. And that was it.

He managed to arrive at work, with a small smile, small steps, deep breathes. He didn't want to be spotted desperate for the loo, but he also knew he shouldn't look empty... those were all small social tests and Mr. Wealty was the most subtle of all, and the managers, directors, president, etc., who knows. Besides he couldn' tbe less of a man in front of dashing Bill, etc.

He would pass by Mr. Wealty's office twice in like 10 minutes and also walk on the hall, with small steps as much as he could. He knew Mr. Wealty said nothing but quickly glanced at him, great chest under the shirt on the day before, flat abs, and now spotting a lower navel in a very specific pear shape. Mr. Wealty was so subtle but seemed so contented.

He could notice Mr. Truss and another guy look of admiration. It just didn't inflate more his chest, because even figuratively it would stretch in his imagination 0.1 inch of his navel skin and he couldn't bear it.

It was around 10:30 am, yes well over the '24hrs barrier' for his bladder, that he thought would be excrutiating to cross, like last rare time he did that... for need, social convention, self affirmation... well, but he just really loved his job. Other than a few pangs, flinches, hands in his inner thighs, butt muscles just numb and some restlessness, totally understandable in this ending commemoration feeling day - that the other gentleman would be so considerate, not only to politely smile, but also to send a look of true admiration and not even start a conversation. As John was free to go... HOME, of course and then... well better not to think about it, he said to himself, grabbing a bit harder on his member through the fabric on his crotch.... well, again, as John didn't have a certain time to leave the company as it was a 'first day' for his new position... it was a inner lonely fight, John against only himself... and a rock hard bladder full of golden liquid.

As he closed his eyes and massged his groin, soft but strong, very strong Bill's voice appeared by the door.

Bill sat on the chair by John's desk: "Hey man, he said above a whisper... if you have er... to make it a very early finishing day, tell me if there's anything urgent... I mean, there is..." for someone paying close attention Bill was getting flustered... but John had his concentration like 80% in only one thing, and the rest on his environment and some easy e-mails to reply or his cellphone for one or two minutes and then back to his bladder, and so on... "I cover it for you." Bill said above a whisper of admiration and some worry.

"Hey, I brought you a small cup of coffee and mine to drink here with my new hero."

So thoughtful of Bill. I mean, he should be John's competitor, but he was there for him. John just didn't have the space in his heart for that feeling now, all his feelings were connected straight to his bladder, kidneys, sphincter.. and fortunately or unfortunately his prostate, members, balls... he was 80...90% lost in sensations. He didn't even know if he wanted this torture to end or not.

One thing he knew for sure. He was in 'almost unknown territory' of very upper social etiquette.

When it seemed midday would never arrive, it finally did by the clock. "John, mmm.. aren't you really making it an early day... I mean, I didn't want to doubt of you nor anything... ahem anyways, do you want to grab some lunch..."

John was obliged to be very sincere... ok sincere, because very sincere would be 'I'm almost crying piss through my eyes... my crotch is so numb I don't have the nerve to check it, not to find out I'm wet already and I can't know...' He was sincere enough to Bill: "I'm so tired, I don't feel like having lunch today. I should probably buy only a small sandwich."

All John could do was focusing, if you could call it like that, some two minutes.. one minute, thirty seconds on each text on his screen and extra massage his crotch, or make his legs more tense, almost hurting, or check his cellphone, or breath deeply. His belt was already loosened, shirt covering it. He was slightly rocking on his swivel chair... He didn't even notice that Bill returned after a few minutes.

"Hey, I'm having lunch with you. One big sandwich for me and a small one for you, k, buddy?" Bill said.

John would be moved, but his heart didn't have the space for that.

"Oh, I forgot to buy some soda." Bill said with a small wink. "I'll get only half a glass of water for each one of us, k?"

After a bad night of sleep and starting to lose his confidence and feeling pain in his bladder, he could only grab a few bites in silence as Bill watched him, his own phone a bit, and ate in silence too, and a few sips of water.

It was already 12:50 pm. The involuntary prostate stimulation and the actually involuntary massage on his crotch for his already skin sore organ, and aching so sensitive balls... John had to, against his will, use one of the stalls of the men's toilet, to check on his briefs. Only a half a coin sized stain of precum, no piss yet... but he felt his dick trembling and pulsating kind of violently. He dried the precum but a translucent new drop wouldn't stop ressurging by his peehole. He had to shove a few pieces of toilet paper inside his briefs to, of course, only wash his hands and get back to his chair.

2:05 pm and a coin sized stain of piss he just felt on his crotch, under the fabric of his black pants and a few sharp pangs on his lower navel, a bit of teary eyes... because he was kind of sleepy, John would say to himself. Little work. He would be overdoing his expectations, except for the stupid leaks. He proved himself. The last time his glance met Mr. Wealty through glass walls, Mr. Wealdy wasn't smiling anymore, had a kind of a silent worried expression. It was time to call it a day. Because of his groggy state already, his prostate overstimulated by his heavy inner baloon, sending him almost drugged feelings, he had to triple check his e-mails, 'Save' buttons at the screen and his schedule for the next day.

He was massaging himself in his car seat, trying to drive carefully, because a bump would send him more pain than he could manage. He arrived home massaging a wet crotch. He could, partially disgusted partially proud of himself hear the sloshing noise of his crotch massage to a wet crotch. But it was actually small, the seat was dry and in comparison with the tank he had inside him, beer and all, from hours and hours... over a day... he knew he proved himself in his very first day at his new position.

He was bending down walking in the living room, looking at the floor. He just entered the bathroom. He couldn't even remember how he put his pants down. One last look in the mirror and he was piss pregnant. He gave a small smile of almost defeat. 30 hours sharp from the last time this scene happened in his life.

He first felt his asshole flinch in pain, to relax after so several hours, then a shiver on the fur of his big thighs, his fur until they met his socks in his shins and big calves. He was sweating, he felt the cold on the hair of his armpits even with his t-shirt on, as he supported one hand on the wall. With his other hand, as he touched the skin on the upper part of his penis, he felt a tear of pain, nothing could pressure anymore against his peeduct.

With a small grunt that he tried to repress the most and a tear, he felt a burning pain and after some 20s pissing he could actually see other than black before his eyes again and that would be a thin repressed stream for the next 250s.

Oh yeah, that made him hard and stickier than before in his... shaft. The last touch and pain feeling was to quickly take care of his aching balls and perineum and feel completely blissful to impress the guys at the office with an almost perfect etiquette act, and now a so sticky and white... finish... touch.

___

Author's brief post note: Today, tonight, was a great time, bigger chapter, I so looked forward to describe this sequence... as my bladder came full from work and I drank tons of liquid. Sorry again if the ending of the chapter gets more rushed, it's because I'm frantic for a piss right now, but though late seriously thinking of resisting the urge a little more, as it's not burning unbearable yet on my own bladder bulge.

As my record holding was between 27 and 32hrs, myself, and put that this is a dystopia scenario, I made him hold for 'only 30hrs' because i want the bladder part to keep as real as possible (with a little fantasy, of course, that defy health reasons). Actually i did that, from the sleeping part on a few times... one time specially, and the feelings and the sequence is based on a day of mine, real.

I know there should be more interaction and intimacy between characters. Now that the scenario is set, I promise they will interact and suffer, they will interact in dirty ways, in ways my dirty mind... well I'll try to alert you when it's too much for you to skip if you want. I promise you my mind produces kinky ideas almost beyond reality. Please give me a cheer. Gee, I so good right now. I'll post it not to get carried away.

*023*2024-10-18 13:19

{{32 minutes ago, PrinceOfThePee said:

I'm impressed by your holding record! I have a pretty large capacity myself (2.3 liters seems to be my max), but I have to drink so much throughout the day due to some health problems so I end up having to pee often, lol.

Way back in the day, I tried to do a 24 hour hold and I actually made it 22 hours before losing control. That was like...jesus...10 years ago? lmao. No way I could manage that now.

}}

I hope you like the chapter too. I'll unveil things speed things up hopefully and be kinky beyond my own belief I suppose 🔥

*024*2024-11-11 03:34

Author's brief note: Entertaining a bit more of female omorashi here. If you reaqlly don't like it, you can skip the end of this chapter and read the story as if this doesn't exist. Warned. For others, specially one or two mates, I think you'll find it smoking hot.

Chapter 8 - Mrs. Wealty

John woke up fairly early, at 7:30 am... actually he was awaken by his bladder. He usually had a full or midly full bladder in the morning, but this morning it felt specially full... that usually happens when he sleeps too well and his body doesn't even consider waking up until it's urgent or his bladder feels very much like a morning piss.

And he slept soundly, because he was contented due to his new promotion, but not too contented, of course, always looking forward the next one. Well, let's put 'initial Director not to say Junior Director', as there are more positions, so that, more promotions to come, for those who have hard work and... good manners, of course. Presumably this new, so desired position, of Director would give him new challenges of technical skills, and on the top of it, most likely, social skills. Putting those thoughts together and the virtues John would 'die for' 'and more', it was obvious again, John thought to himself, he had to practice his manners more, to be ready for any 'circunstance'. I mean, never get caught by some minor toddler issue while there are big steaks on the table, and/or big drinks, if you know what I mean... he thought to himself.

He would stretch on his bed, but he felt a pang from his navel on starting to stretch the skin of that area, so he decided against it. He woke up and dressed in shorts and hoodie sweater - gym clothes - while he 'adjusted his junk' and 'scratched his lower parts' several times as he was in the privacy of his room. A last tug and he made his way downstairs. He took a tall glass of orange juice, two biscuits and went to the gym.

As a gentleman, what a lovely morning, only a bit chill, to walk a few blocks to hit the gym, he was contented on himself - and a bit daring this morning - so he was walking contented, only adjusting himself occasionally, but a handsome figure in the morning.

As he entered the gym, he gave himself a quick tug, as he passed by the 'locker room', but didn't enter. He went towards the bench press. Each ring he got to settle the bench press exercise, he would feel his thighs and his buttocks contract like crazy. Twice he had to put the ring down for a bit and take a breath.

With all settled he was lying on the bench. He put his arms up, to take a grip on the big bar as his sweater went up and he was showing a bit of his navel and fur. His navel was bulging a bit, not flat as usual to highlight his big pecs, but the navel bulge wasn't even as much as when he arrives at home everyday at night, so conclusion, his bladder wasn't so full. It was just psychological as he used to mmm.. freshen up before hitting the gym, he concluded to himself.

To be honest on himself, he knew he added one less ring to each side of the bar this morning, but still, he was daring on training, his physique and on being 'extra proper' this morning.

On the third push, his thighs were trying to join for dear life as he was lying on the bench, his butthole was burning, contracting, his face was so red. He stopped, gave a not so quick tug on his crotch, was sitting again to... breathe a bit. He adjusted himself a bit again, got up, he took off one ring on each side of the bar and tried to finish the series.

He managed the second set of repetitions. He got on a sitting position again to adjust himself and... breathe. And he managed the third series the same way.

Time for halters exercise, it's... better. John thought to himself. He was a bit... tired this morning, so he got only a pair of 40lbs halters for some quick biceps set. He would admire himself in the mirror, pay extra attention to keep his legs apart, adjust and readjust himself in between the repetitions while he took a breath.

Then, he would have the bench press with halters, only 40lbs... just because they were already with him, for... convenience, of course, as he was an efficient man and was extra efficient this morning, as he had saved some good two or three minutes to go to the gym as he skipped... he cleared that thought of his mind, as it evoked the image of a toilet... so unnecessary, and he grabbed his crotch to adjust himself for a moment.

Well, with that he decided some shoulder workout would be good. He was sitting on a bench and doing some halters elevation. After three series adjusting himself, pausing for breathing, he finished. After he finished the third and final set, he put the halters on the floor, put his hands in between his thighs, closed his eyes, and took a few deep breathes.

As it was a quick training this morning because... he didn't want to get late to work... the last parts would be ab crunches and running. He was lying down on a mat, facing the ceiling. After the second crunch, he had to adjust himself. He would crunch and adjust himself and breath, deeply on the last three repetitions. He decided to lie on his side and check his cellphone to regain strength... it was good for his... back. After some good four minutes, he regained strength to a few more crunches. He was sweating profusely after he finished it. He was sitting indian style on the mat, with his fingers pressing his thighs, and was rocking back and forward for a bit. After he regained his last reserves of strength... or so he thought for a moment, he went towards the treadmill.

As he stopped by the treadmill, he felt an urge to bend down and bury his fingers on his thighs. He thought to himself it was... not necessary this morning has he was going back home walking anyway. He took his sweater off, getting only in shorts and t-shirt. It wasn't warm, but he was sweating. Besides he was holding his sweater with his both hands... in front of him, as he walked stiff fast, not as fast as he wanted to.

As he bursted through the door at home, gladly the comfort room was free, so he entered and as soon as his waistband went down he started gushing strong and long. He was sure that was the thrill, good sensation, of being a gentleman strong as a bull, composed as a rock.

Well, John composed himself, took a shower, had another small snack for breakfast, kissed Linda on the cheek and left for work, leaving only his perfume fragrance behind in the living room for another moment. It was a full day at the office, he was thinking, while he left the comfort of home behind him.

Linda also had a full day already of herself. She had to shop for a few things, and they had to organize a big event, the ball, the neighborhood ladies organization, called 'Ladies - Preserving, Inspiring, Serving and Shining'.

She would be dressed in her best stile, with white high heels, a blue dotted skirt, a white silk shirt, pearls necklace, white purse to match, also red lipstick to match with red nails, sunglasses on her head. A quick stop to use the toilet before leaving home and she was off the door. She took the family's SUV, as John usually took the sedan to go to the office, and today was no exception.

The planning lunch was scheduled at the shopping mall, by the interstate's intersection. It was a mere 40 minutes drive from home, air conditioning and easy for all the ladies to arrive at.

Linda was early and it was a particularly warm day. So either for the warmth of the driness of the air conditioning in the car, she would buy a big lemonade and sip. She arrived purposedly early, to have some time to window shopping herself. After all, when you see something you like at the shopping mall but you're not sure, you check if the ladies are using, compare with downtown's shops and make up your mind... and sometimes there are items that just need to be bought at the very moment they are spotted. Well, that ending morning seemed to be more the checking day, no bags.

It was already lunch time, so she hurried to the food court to find the ladies sitting in the food court, by a table. She greeted Mrs. Skope and Mrs. Claasen and Mrs. Wealty. Mrs. Skope had a brown small jacket to match with her skirt and square heels boots. Mrs. Claasen chose pastels for their meeting and Mrs. Wealty was impeccable, as usual, wearing a navy blue pleated skirt, a white blouse, and matching patent black stilettos and purse and she was never light on golden jewelry either.

"Let's order. It's getting past lunch time." Mrs. Claasen said, with her usual large smile.

All the ladies went towards light dishes, and beverages, for the sake of their figures, as it was a constant.

It was surprising how a shopping mall can be a quiet place in a week day in the afternoon, as most of people are working or else where, and the young people are at school or college at that time of the day.

So when they finished having lunch and the pleasantries of the small talk, Linda took an agenda, a list and some more papers from her purse.

"Mrs. Mary Claasen, Mrs. Sonja Skope, Mrs. Clorissa Wealty, everybody here?" Linda asked and all the ladies laughed good heartedly. "And Mrs. Linda Vanderluss." she ticked on her small notebook with her pen. "Everybody present, so, meeting officially open."

"Mmm... dessert time? I would go for some ice-cream..." Mrs. Claasen started.

"Oh, no ice-cream. Don't tempt me." Mrs. Skope interrupted, in a light atmosphere, with a smile. "I'll get sparkling water... I'll ask that charming young waiter boy from Alfredo's... we're out here, but he is a darling, he will bring it to us, with four glasses in no time." she finished, and that was settled, as 'the first matter of the meeting'.

They were discussing all the matters, the buffet, the beverages, the paper quality and graphics for the folders, decoration... Linda reckoned those were always great opportunities to check tendencies on clothes, shoes, jewerly on the ladies - honestly, that would give her the opportunity to check if Mr. Wealty, Mr. Claasen and Mr. Skope, for example, that day, were mmm 'doing well on the financial side' given a casual new gem here, a new bracelet there.

"Oh, what a lovely bracelet, Sonja". Linda interrupted.

"Oh, you like it? It's yellow amber." Mrs. Skope replied. "My husband got it for me, the last time he had some beer business contracts to sign in Europe." she continued.

Mrs. Wealty had a big sapphire necklace, but she would ask later, not to delay the huge checklist approval in their organizing meeting.

"Oh, you're really a dear." Mrs. Skope smiled to the waiter as he got back to remove the glasses and brought coffee for them. As he put the saucer and porcelain cups on the table, some tea cups and even the kettle on the table, Mrs. Skope dismissed him with a tip. Tha sure made him get back to remove the coffee empty cups and empty kettle, already bringing a new one. As Mrs. Claasen made a sign, he also brought four glasses of water.

As Mrs. Wealty and Mrs. Skope debated about the repertoire for the band to play, Linda watched a young couple sitting by a table relatively far. That was probably early college love - that's how she met John, she recalled in her mind with a smal smile. The girl got up from the table and with her hands between her legs she was bending forward a bit as she walked towards the toilets.

While the men had a strict strength and endurance code about that, and there were the rules about not having liquid waste on a temple's building, floor or block, etc., women would have their moments of weakness, just like the girl who passed by them towards the toilets. But, in practice, that was when a man of interest was around, that showed weakness, it was sexier than bitting her lips, it was sexy without being vulgar, putting it that way, it was more flirting than saying she can't lift a heavy bag...

"I used to be like that, when I was that age too... young flirtatious romance" Mrs. Claasen commented with a small smile. Both of the women agreed and chuckled.

It was not a proper rule, but being competitive was enough for women not interrupting the activities, speciallly with other women friends around, to use the toilet. It was as much competitive as men did or even more.

John probably thought she paused for the toilet here and there all the time. But, without the flirtatious and husband's ego filling, there was no reason for her to do that only with her friends, like the ladies from the organization around. She did not want to look like a wuss. Even more so, because that was a key indirect business opportuniy for her John, as Mr. Skope was Mr. Wealty's business friend, so was Mr. Claasen, and Mr. Wealty was John's boss, who had just promoted him, for good social reasons, too - never taking credit of the good work and all the sacrifices he did for the family, of course.

"I guess we covered about all of it." Mrs. Wealty, finished. "And with homework for each of you... of us." Linda completed.

"Oh, no wonder the young people are starting to arrive little by little, it's past 4 o'clock. Time flies by when there is good coversation and good purpose." Mrs. Wealty said.

After the pleasantries and good bye kisses on the cheek, it was time to get the car in the parking lot and get back home.

"Oh, my car is to the oppposite side." Mrs. Skope said parting from Mrs. Claasen. "What about you Clorissa, which side?" she continued.

"Oh, actually Mr. Wealty dropped me here before going to the office as he would arrive at the office later today." Mrs. Wealty said. "I'm going back to the 'civlization' in Linda's car." she finished with a smile.

As they were heading to the parking lot together Mrs. Wealty stopped by a kiosk. "Two bottles of water, please." she ordered and turned to Linda. "To avoid driness under the AC in the car, it's not good for the skin." she finished with a smile.

"Oh, thank you". Linda said as Mrs. Wealty handed her a bottle. "So sensible of yours." she finished with a smile and a big gulp.

"So, Mr. Wealty always mentions good things about Mr. Vanderluss when he talks about work at home." Mrs. Wealty started as she was sitting at the passenger's and Linda was driving.

"Oh really? I bet you're far too kind." Linda interjected and smiled, while paying attention to the highway.

"Is he happy about the promotion?" Mrs. Wealty continued and they were making small talk.

"Do you mind if I stop home first before I drop you by your place?" Linda asked.

"Oh, no, not at all, of course." Mrs. Wealty replied with a smile and a wink.

Linda stopped the car by the front door and they got inside. As Mrs. Wealty was sitting on the couch, Linda pointed out "I'll make some tea for and provide some biscuits, as it's about to tick five o'clock."

"Oh, no tea. It's not necessary." Mrs. Wealty said as she crossed her legs and rested her hand on her skirt over her knee. "Besides, we already had plenty of tea this afternoon." she completed.

"Oh, that's true." Linda continued with a smile. "But at least a glass of juice. You can't come to my place and I offer you not even a drink." she completed and made her way quickly to the kitchen.

She brought the glasses and the carton on the tray and put it on the center table. She poured a tall glass for Mrs. Wealty and half a glass to herself. She was sitting with crossed legs while Mrs. Wealty uncrossed her legs and crossed again.

"Oh, no, please keep me company". Mrs. Wealty said as she took the carton and completed Linda's glass with more juice. And with that they were making small conversation.

"I bought a new navy blue tauiller, in a small shop, downtown, that I want to show you. It looks just like that from the Parisian store at the mall we saw the other day..." Linda said getting up as Mrs. Wealty put her glass on the center table and followed her upstairs.

Linda opened her bedroom door. As she was holding the door, Mrs. Wealty entered and whispered close to her ear "Best manners, it's always good to up some extra training." Linda closed the door and smiled. She knew exactly what was going on, but decided to play oblivious a bit further.

"Wanna see the suit?" Linda asked. It was in a higher pitched tone than she planned and put one foot in front of the other, standing in place. She opened her closet and took the tauiller holding in front of her with one hand, while she had the other hand behind the cloth, on her... midsection.

"Do you mind if I try it?" Mrs. Wealty asked.

"Oh, no, not at all." Linda replied with a smile, standing, uncrossing and recrossing her legs.

Mrs. Wealty took her skirt off, she took the opportunity to cross her legs, standing in place and press one hand in front of her panties, briefly. She took her blouse off, to reveal a matching bra and really nice and big... she was indeed upper chest gifted... and firm, and soft pale skin...

"You can sit there." Mrs. Wealty said pointing to the bed.

Linda was sitting on the middle of the mattress, with her back to the headboard. She spread her legs, lifted her skirt, putting a hand in her so longing lower parts for some welcome mini relief massage. She didn't even bother to take her heels off, with them on the mattress, too.

"Mmm... I like that..." she listened by her ear, and with that a light kiss brushing against her lips. "Mmmm... Clorissa, that feels good." Linda replied.

"It always does." Mrs. Wealty replied, as she was sitting on the bed, beside Linda.

"What do we have in here?" she continued, as she took Linda's hand and removed from the place it was rubbing. Mrs. Wealty had one hand shoved between her thighs as well.

Clorissa was kneeling on the mattress in front of Linda. She held both Linda's hand above her head and put one of Linda's knee below her arm. As Clorissa had both of her hands busy, she leaked a spurt and had the first coin sized spot on her panties, but Linda couldn't notice. Clorissa felt it but ignored, for now.

Linda was trembling. "What's that, did you gain some weight?" Clorissa asked as she lightly put her hand on Linda's navel. Linda spurted a jet making a big spot on her panties. It wouldn't be contained much more, she knew it.

As Clorissa bent down, she was cupping Linda's breasts with her hands through the fabrics of the shirt and bra. And she spurted again. The first drop ran down her legs as she was kneeling in between Linda's open legs.

Linda took Clorissa in one motion - what made her lose even more piss - and got Clorissa lying on the bed, while she was kneeling upon her, with one knee on each side of Clorissa's navel.

She sighed and let the waterfall run through the fabric of her panties and fall on Clorissa's panties and crotch. Clorissa's panties and crotch weren't dry before, they got soaked, and Clorissa joined the hissing noise with her own. After that, it was easy to climax, and again...

After getting some of Linda's dry panties, in secret except between them, and composing herself, Clorissa asked "Are you sure you can drop me by at my place?"

"Yeah, sure. John is arriving extra late from work this evening." Linda replied.

Both of them, impeccably composed, already downstairs Clorissa pointed to the entrance doorknob "Mrs. Vanderluss...?" Clorissa asked, with a smile and a wink.

Linda opened the door. "After you, Mrs. Wealty..." she gestured for Mrs. Wealty to go outisde first, retributing the wink and the smile.

There was nothing wrong with connecting better to give a push to John at work, with the ladies organization in general... and having a little fun out of it, right?! Linda thought to herself, relieved and satisfied in many ways.

On another neighborhood of the city, there was John's company and John has been working a lot since he was promoted to Director.

It was already dark and that was proving to be a long shift. John had arrived earlier than usual. Had lots of coffee, mostly to blame on Bill, who brought coffee him twice 'on the way in between the coffee machine and his room', though Bill's room was closer to the coffee machine so John's room was 'not on the way in between' actually. Then, Bill with that marking department charm of his dragged John to a long lunch with burgers and soda refills, which John was wise enough to accept only twice, but it seems Bill didn't even get to refill himself, the much he was being a chatterbox that day... meeting, Mr. Wealty calling over and over, an emergency at the factory department, e-mails and calls, and there he was at 9:00 pm, a little over the 12 hours mark he... left the 'comfort of his house'.

He wasn't complaining, after all he was a strong man, effusive, alpha gestures, but collected at the same time at his... core, he said to himself while he felt himself actually vibrating on the chair, he just noticed after finishing the last big report and the last e-mail to call it a day.

Bill wanted them to go out for drinks after work, but John really couldn't do it, as he had a day full of work. For a few days, he didn't get to see much of Linda at home, arriving late.

As he turned his computer off and was walking from his office to the garage, the floor was almost empty, so he was massaging his crotch after a very long day...

"Good evening, Mr. Vanderluss" Derek, the floor guard said.

John got startled and grabbed tight through his crotch to prevent a spurt. He quickly composed himself, let go of his crotch, putting his arms, stiff to his sides. "The Jets got out of their bad phase, huh?" Derek continued, oblivious and sympathetic as usual.

After some small talk, John finally reach the privacy of his car and he was rubbing his crotch - furiously, though he didn't realize it.

As he arrived home, the gush on the toilet was wonderful. He even had to support his head on his forearm, against the wall, standing in front of the toilet for one minute... two minutes straight, before the hot stream subsided. When he got upstairs, his wife was already sleeping on the vice master bedroom... she was probably digging on her sewing stuff for some decoration thing she mentioned but he couldn't remember... she was so dear to leave the 'path free' when he got home extra late and leave him with all the bed for him to rest better. He would never find another wife like that, he thought to himself, contented as he got a shower, to finish this day, and recharge the batteries for another presumably long and interesting day.

