At the Doctors

Author: ehr100

*000*2017-02-25 20:58

Sue and her husband Steve have a visit to the doctor.

Sue had been feeling poorly with this bug. It affected her throat and chest and she had a bit of cough. She decided after a few days she could not shift it so she went to the doctors for an examination. As they were a lot of patients with the same symptoms the doctors office was inundated,so a late afternoon appointment was the only one available. She booked in and asked if you would drive her to the doctors as she was so unwell to drive herself. So you accompany her to the waiting room for her to await her appointment.

Sue had checked in and there was a couple left waiting for their appointments. As Sue sat down she started to fidget a little as though she needed the toilet. She was hesitant that she would wait until after the appointment or when she got home,as she could be called in to the examination room at any moment. The last patient to be seen had just left the room and Sue was called into Doctor Jones exam room.

The only people now left in the building was the doctor,the receptionist,you and Sue. The receptionist was the doctors wife and she was very amply built. Her tits were on the large side and a very sexy body showing off a little of her bosom cleavage. When Sue was called in, the receptionist called you to the desk to help fill in some paperwork on behalf of Sue. They were just updating the records to go onto a new computer system. The receptionist handed you some papers to fill in and you sat back down to do so.

Meanwhile Sue had entered the exam room and told the doctor the symptoms. Of course he already knew there was an influx of the big outbreak and had administered some powerful medicine which the patients had claimed worked by the time the appointment was over. Diane remarked how is that possible when she had been taking medicine for days and her throat was not even better.

The doctor said well I have some special liquid which if you want can be used immediately. He said that the special medicine was made on the premises and if she would be willing to accept not to disclose any of the formula to anyone outside. Sue agreed.

As you were filling in the forms you heard a moan coming from the direction of the reception. You went to investigate secretly and noticed that the receptionist was watching porn on the computer and the sound was on fairly quiet. You thought she was updating records on the computer but she had other ideas. As you peered around the corner of the wall you saw her playing with herself and feeling up her body. This in turn made you rub your groin through your trousers. She had one had rubbing her big tits and one in her panties touching herself.

There was a distinct slow moan as she started sliding her fingers into that big juicy hairy cunt of hers. This was just too much for you as you adore hairy cunts,and so in turn you unzipped your trousers and pulled out that willy. It grew as you continued to play and produce a little precum. Her hairy cunt had given her so much room to insert at least 3 fingers in there. You could clearly see how wet she was getting. Her knickers were soon off and she squeezed those big tits together which caused her to show her big red bra she was wearing. If only she knew that you were wanking over her from around the corner of that wall.

In the doctors office Sue had now led down on the couch. The doctor was going to prescribe his special medicine but she was feeling anxious of this medicine as whether it would work or be dangerous. The doctor reassured Suethat she had nothing to worry about and he could see she was nervous so told her to relax on the couch. As she led there the doctor put his hands on her midribs. Sue is a prim and proper lady and wore a nice dress which showed her big tits under the material. As the doctor moved his hands around her clothed body he could see the outline of Sue's pert nipples. As he loved big tits (and of course his receptionist wife) he admired looking at them even more. He told Sue to drop her top of the dress down as he wanted to put on his steposcope on her chest to check her breathing.

She did as she was told and then as the coolness of the steposcope was put on, she let out a bit of a yelp. The doctor remarked that it was cold. She explained to the doctor that the extreme coolness of the steposcope had made her yelp for a reason. Her desire to go to the toilet was then brought to her attention as she had slightly peed her knickers. The doctor was unaware of Sue's need to relieve herself so he carried on checking. As he moved down he asked Sue to cough. This she did and more pee escaped in her pants. But this time she had the urge to stop before she flooded the place. She told the doctor that her bladder pressure had increased and needed to go to the toilet immediately. The doctor stopped.

By now your cock was growing so much that you soaked the end with so much precum it was dripping. You bent down and put your trousers back up and went to sit back down in the waiting room. Just as you sat down the receptionist called you to see if you had finished the paperwork. You had done and took them too her, By now the porn had been turned off and she had redressed the top half of her uniform. However she left her knickers off and they were on the floor just in your view of sight.

As she was at the the computer she quickly got a glimpse of your bulge in your trousers and noticed the zip was undone. She thanked you for handing over the forms and you were about to walk back to sit down. Mr Nixon she said did you enjoy watching me, I saw you wanking your willy. I have a mirror in here where I saw you masturbating. You were so embarrased that even before you had the chance to answer she stood up and opened her robe exposing those huge tits and big hairy cunt. So again Mr Smith did you enjoy watching. If so to show your apprecaition drop your trousers for me. But what about my wife-she will be back in a moment.

As Sue got off the couch she stood up and as she did immediately buckled to her knees. The doctor helped her to get back on her feet and as she got up she put her hand on her crotch and started to hold herself. So sorry doctor she said but I may not be able to make the toilets. Doctor replied thats alright I understand Mrs Smith just hold on for a second I will see if I have a receptacle for you to go in. But it was too late for that as she hiked up her skirt and pulled her knickers to one side and let her hairy cunt slip open to release her jet of piss. It was so forcefull it flooded a pool on the doctors floor. Sue just stood there and piss was everywhere. She peed for over a minute so must have been holding back a lot.

I am sorry doctor Sue said. Mrs Smith it is perfectly alright I am a doctor and I do see a lot of personal incidents and accidents,so please don't apologise, and just lay back on the couch when you are comfortable. I will clear it up later the doctor replied. Sue cleaned up her cunt and led back down while the doctor had buzzed through to reception for the special medicine. Of course there was no answer at first,so buzzed through about 30 seconds later. He said he would be back soon but still remain on the couch. the doctor left the room.

The receptionist was now out of her little office and in the waiting room as she showed you her massive tits and started to stroke your little cock. You were just sat there in the waiting room with your trousers down to your ankles and your hands touching her lovely tits and playing with her hairy cunt. She wanked you so hard that she now wanted to suck you. Her mouth was so powerful over that willy you almost came, but you held back. With your eyes closed and head bobbing up and down neither of you had noticed the doctor in the room.

He just stood there and watched for a minute or two, then he started rubbing himself. This was such a turn on for him as his wife receptionist was always seducing patients and those in the waiting room at the end of the dayshift. You were so enjoying her sucking when all of a sudden in her mouth you expelled and shot your cum. She took your load in her mouth, but did not swallow. When you opened you eyes you were shocked to see the doctor wanking himself off and felt embarrassed that you forgot to ask about your wife.

He was not angry at all. The receptionist still with your cum in her mouth went back to her desk and had a glass tube. She spat it out all in the tube. The doctor then thanked me. what for you asked. Well Mr Smith a lot of patients have come through here in the past few days with this bug. They have left here feeling a lot better and indeed the medicine I administered worked. And thanks to you Mr Smith you have now contributed to the special formula we make here at the practice.

Your cum along with everyone my wife has sucked today and for a few days have been saved up in this glass tube. We mix all the cum in the tube from various men and also mine and my wifes urine in there. With that mixture I then administer the medicine to the patient. Your wife has not recieved hers yet so I have to go back to her. Please Mr Smith you must never tell anyone outside this practice about this medicine and especially not to your wife. In return I will let you fuck my wife anytime you want. With that the doctor excused himself.

Apologies for the delay Mrs Smith, I just had to go and make up the formula for this special medicine of mine. I want you to know Mrs Smith that you will instantly feel a lot better when you drink this mixture. It should have no side effects unlike other medicine and must all be drank down. You should not require any further but if you do you must take it here in the practice. It is not available outside of here. The doctor showed Sue the tube which was yellow/white from all the piss and cum. This is the medicine that will cure you Mrs Smith, It may not be everyones sweet taste but you must drink it all. I will now pour some in the glass for you.

While the doctor had gone in the other room, the receptionist was going to mix some of that new formula and wanted you to watch. She got herself a bucket and stood over it semi naked. Before your wife comes out I am going to let you see my piss coming out through my hairy cunt and into the bucket. And with that a powerful jet of piss left her cunt lips. After she finished she handed me a calling card with her address on. She said give me a call and as my husband told you for donating your spunk you can fuck me. And we keep our promises. I have fucked lots of our patients both male and female and they love giving something back to their community doctors practice. Thank you again Mr Smith, your wife will be out soon.

The glass had been poured and the piss and cum mixture looked very cloudy. Please drink this down Mrs Smith and feel better. Sue took the glass and although it looked disgusting like any medicine does. She drank it all. Unknown to her she had just drunk the doctors and the doctors wife's piss and countless members of the public sperm. All this swimming inside of her as a piss/cum cocktail.

Thank you doctor, Sue replied, very odd taste but yes I feel better. With that she apologised once again for her pee accident and left. After you two had left the building, both the doctor and his wife cleaned up Sue's piss. But not the usual way of cleaning up,they drank it from the floor. So now Sue's pee was going to be part of the next submission of this new medicine,when both of them piss it out of their system.

