Colors: A Legacy of Gold Fic starring Skye

Author: EtchyFox

*000*2019-05-02 19:42

For those of you who follow my games this follows the main character of the third game of the Legacy of Gold series which has now entered development.

Please find the other stories, games and AMA's in the Legacy of Gold universe here:

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/blogs/blog/608-the-legacy-of-gold-universe/?do=embed"

Without further ado~

Colors

I awaken to the smell of thoughtfully brewed tea, the savory aroma of charred meat and a familiar discomfort in my abdomen.

“Good morning, Master Skye!”

I open my eyes and am greeted by the pleasant sight of my hand maiden, Meiko. Her brilliant red hair contrasts so starkly with her pale skin and white dress that her appearance is almost artistic. Such a beautiful color of red has been the inspiration behind so many of my works.

I smile as I sit up and feel the discomfort grow. My eyes adjust to the light as I look around from the vantage of my futon. The wood of the house shines today in the morning sun.

“I think wood today, Meiko,” I divulge quietly as I stretch my back and arms, yawning quietly. My tail peeks out from under the covers as I do so and my smallclothes pull up a little high to be dignified, but I never need to worry about such things with her. My tall canine ears twitch as I crack my neck.

“Wood?” Meiko asks, tilting her head slightly. The sparkling white feathered wings extending from her back rustle a little in her confusion.

“To paint today. Look at the sun bloom on the maple there. The refractions create an almost geometric pattern don’t you think? Reds, golds, yellows. They evoke such elegant thoughts don’t they? Such a wonderful palette.” I sip my tea from the bedside table Meiko has brought me. As it goes down, I shift a little on the futon to relieve some of the pressure.

“Geometric…Um, sure!” While Meiko does not fully understand my work, she is always a source of encouragement and conversation. She stands and brushes herself off. “I’ll bring you your training garb while you eat!”

I smile as she walks away and enjoy the meal she has provided. As I do, my thoughts drift to a distant memory. A much younger me is sitting at my Master’s bedside, waiting for him to awaken. I shift uncomfortably, not because I am sitting properly in seiza as instructed, but because of the length of time I have been sitting. A worse pressure plagued me then, a nearly unbearable sting that bade me to run for the latrines. I was always to awaken before my master and attend to his needs before my own. Thankfully, he woke up before I needed to clean the mats.

As I return to my present, I shiver slightly as my current need worsens with the tea. This is one of my favorite moments. As someone who has honed their body and bent it to their command so many times, there is still one small piece of it that remains entirely outside my control. The poetry of this contrast inspires much of my work and training, a delightful reminder that while perfection is unachievable, the struggle against the inevitable makes life so worth living.

I close my eyes and revel in the desperate sensation. I can feel the pressure pushing for escape through a narrow, tired opening. The movement of the water as I shift and bend, flowing towards its inevitable release; I could get lost in this sensation for hours, if I had hours.

“I brought your clothes for you master!” Meiko has laid my training garments in front of my bed neatly while I daydreamed. She is always so careful to allow my imagination to flourish. A simple pair of grey hakama and my white gi emblazoned with my emblem; Meiko’s eye for subtle contrast has always remained subconscious to her. I stand and press my knees together for a moment, pausing to collect myself as the liquid inside me begs for release.

Meiko blushes a little as I squirm slightly. “W…will I be needing to wash your smallclothes this morning, Master?” She of course knows of my habits as my handmaiden. Meiko has, as ever, been a delight to confide in. Once I explained the allure of my habits over tea one morning, she understood perfectly. On occasion, she even indulges my art.

“We will see. Thank you for the meal.” I wince as I bend to pick up my clothes and head to the wash room. My body implores me to hurry and release the explosive tension, but I ignore the urges to rush or run, instead exploring the feelings of panic and fear that enter my mind. I nod to the other servants as I pass them, wondering to myself, “Will I make it? Or will I embarrass myself in front of them?” None would care. They understand the peculiarities of their master well enough and all are well treated and well paid.

My breath shortens and hastens as I walk down the hall. Just another few meters, my body tells itself and I feel my muscles begin to relax. My smile broadens as the panic fully sets in. I feel the water moving down. The tea from the night before, the water from my nightly training, the sake with my friends and the tea from this morning all weaving itself slowly, inevitably towards my opening. As I think of this, I feel the phantom of the wet relief that will come should I not make it. A lapse in concentration as I walk allows a single shining drop to escape and I tense as it does. My legs tremble as I approach the door. My hands shake as I open it.

Upon seeing the porcelain and its bright white sheen, my instincts go crazy. I feel my muscles give out and I gasp as a tiny amount of amber gold darkens my panties. My limbs and tail stiffen as I fight against the inevitable deluge. Two more spurts leave me before I regain command of my own body. I am sweating and panting as I take the last of my strength to lower my smallclothes and sit upon the toilet. I try to resist, try to stop, try to fight the tide as unstoppable as the ocean, but as always, I fail spectacularly.

The sound of the liquid leaving me echoes through the room and reminds me of the heaviest rains. I sigh deeply in contentment, relishing in the rushing release. My body grinds and pushes against itself as I go, forging itself back into homeostasis. Finally, the experience wanes and I return to my senses. I look down between my knees at my small clothes, absently observing the beautiful contrast of the now-golden gusset against the stark white fabric. I smile brightly, freshly inspired.

“What a beautiful color.”

Thanks to the following for helping with editing and proofing:

MasterXploder

Pondera

Biku

Faust

