Rightful punishment

Author: Emnyest

*000*2016-12-29 21:59

Hi,

I've been a lurker here for ages ^_^, and I decided to post something here. It's a Trans!Angela Merkel x Theresa May omo fic. It's the first thing I post here, so don't go too harsh on me ^_^;

Why I chose world leaders politicians? Well I always make dirty jokes about them :P in my fan world Merkel is also trans because of her traditionally masculine (fuck gender roles tho), tough demeanour. Anyway, enjoy!

Theresa May walked towards the bathroom, making sure her partner didn't see her. Unfortunately for her, Merkel walked in right at ther moment.

M: Where the fuck do you think you're going?

TM: Uh, I need to piss, I'm so sorry.

M: Well whose fault is that. Your last pee time for the day was 30 minutes ago, wasn't it. And what were you doing?

TM: I was in a Brexit meeting..

M: Brexit my fucking ass. You're not wetting till tomorrow. And you still need to be punished for trying to sneak off without permission. Theresa gulped. She was screwed now.

M: I'll just make it near impossible for you to hold your piss, Merkel said. Her dick was visibly hard from her tight pants, the thought was definitely turning her on.

M: Lay down on the floor and open your legs, whore. Theresa obeyed, but it was realy difficult already.

TM: Please, I don't think I can do this.

M: You should have thought of that earlier then. Merkel got a big bottle of water, and started slowly pouring it down Theresa's legs, making her predicament much worse and sending shivers down her spine. May just wanted to kick Merkel and piss herself, but she knew her place, she needed to be an obedient little sub, so all she could do was try to remain in her position.

When the water was finished, Merkel didn't lose a single moment in tormenting May further and started pushing hard on her bladder.

TM: No, please, I'll do anything, just let me piss.

M: How are you supposed to be punished then? Just shut up and take your punishment like a good little whore should or I'll make it worse for you. Merkel then made May lie down on her stomach with her hands in front of her, digging straight into her bladder. It felt painfully full and she was bursting, and almost lost it a couple times. It was for 10 minutes, but it felt like forever before she could finally get up. She quickly held her hands between her legs.

M: Did I say you could do that? Naughty girls don't get to do that. TM apologised and immediatelly spread her legs wide. Merkel was really hard, so she stripped naked, showing her big dick, and made Theresa do the same.

M: You know where this is going?

TM: Please, I'll not be able to hold it if you start fucking me now Merkel of course had no mercy so she pinned Theresa to the bed and started penetrating her. Merkel came inside her, but when Theresa was reaching the edge Merkel stopped.

TM: why, please..

M: This is punishment you whore. You don't get to enjoy it May was now desperate in 2 different ways, needing to piss and cum. And she couldn't humanly hold her piss much longer "P..please I can't take it please ohgod please", TM was saying while fidgetting around. She couldn't possibly keep still. Merkel smirked. Merkel pinned TM down and started tickling. Although TM was laughing, it was the last thing she wanted. She couldn't take it anymore and pissed herself all over her bed.

M: You filthy whore. Couldn't hold it so you pissed yourself.

TM: I'm sorry, mistress..

M: Holy shit though, that was so hot. I might forgive you for being a cunt.

TM: Yes mistress, please, I'm sorry.

M: Hm, very well, if you're good tomorrow you may get a treat. But you were still bad tonight, so you have to sleep in that bed, and can't shower till morning.

TM: Thank you, mistress. Merkel smiled as she quietly left TM's private residence and got back in to her cab to the hotel. "How did the Brexit meeting go?" asked the driver. "Oh sehr gut", she answered, "a few more times and she'll do anything I ask of her. I have my ways with unruly EU member leaders after all." ~fin~

