Research Samples

Author: EnragedFilia

*000*2021-11-20 12:43

I wrote the first part of this almost exactly seven years ago for one of the contests on nyou fiction. I came up with an idea for a second part soon after, and now here it is at last, along with a full rewrite of the original.

###

The girl looked down at the pamphlet for a few seconds, her expression quickly shifting from curiosity to confusion. Then she looked up and asked, "So like what does it actually do?"

Clarice sighed inwardly. "Like the description there says, it's a mixture of enzymes that synthesizes a wide variety of biomolecules from commonly occurring components, so that we can research them to find any with viable medical uses." The team had tried to make the language on the volunteer information handout as simple and accessible as they could, but most of the volunteers still didn't seem to understand it and ended up asking Clarice to explain everything anyway. 

The one across the desk from her now had a vacant expression that seemed to say she'd and stopped listening somewhere around the word 'enzymes', and Clarice found herself wondering if the girl had even seen the inside of a biology classroom since high school. "So far we've identified several that might be useful in treating conditions including... um," the girl's vacant look was still there, her confusion slowly deepening, and she glanced down at the cup on the desk as if looking at the formula itself could tell her something. Realizing that this was getting nowhere, Clarice gave another silent sigh and continued, "well, like keeping skin clear and healthy, for one thing, and-"

The volunteer's face lit up instantly. "Really? Aw great." After that Clarice just had to go over the details of the stipend and show her where to sign, and then the girl swallowed the formula and left to hang out at the coffee place across the street for the next half hour.

Clarice grumbled to herself a little as she sat back down behind the campus health center reception desk. It was just like Camille said earlier. Even a girl with only the vaguest understanding of biology or medical research knew something about skin care, and all it took to get a confused undergrad volunteer to sign her consent form was a quick mention of 'clear healthy skin'. At least it wasn't lying - one of the most promising potential applications they were looking into was a treatment for certain forms of early-onset heritable hyperkeratosis - but Clarice just didn't like having to work around other people's ignorance like that.

She kept grumbling silently about it for a few minutes until her next volunteer arrived. It was another undergrad girl, and from the mermaid logo on her cup it looked like this one had just been hanging out at that same coffee place. She paused by the door and lifted that cup, tilting her head back and striking an impressive pose in the light from the window as she drank. She was tall and slim and athletic, with nicely toned abs and very nicely toned legs. She had shoulder-length light brown hair with striking platinum blonde highlights, pulled back into a simple ponytail, and she was wearing a cute sleeveless crop top and cute tight denim short shorts and cute little strappy flip-flop-style sandals. Her outfit looked perfect for staying comfortable in today's summer heat, and one couldn't help but notice the way it nicely showed off her abs and her legs too. Finishing the last of her coffee, she tossed the empty cup in the trash and came up to the desk where Clarice was waiting.

"Hi, I'm Tara. I saw your ad earlier, are you still looking for volunteers?" the girl asked hopefully. Clarice gave her the usual bright and cheerful welcome and handed her the information pamphlet and showed her the formula, and unlike that last airhead, when Tara opened the pamphlet and started to read it she remained eager and focused. "Okay, so it's an enzyme for synthesizing some kind of designer medical treatments," Having quickly summarized the handout's information, she looked up and asked, "Well, what kind of substrate does your enzyme act on, and what are you working on developing treatments for?"

Clarice happily answered her questions, somewhat heartened at a prospective volunteer who actually seemed to understand her explanation. Even though Tara didn't seem to be a science major or anything, she at least remembered enough terminology to ask relevant questions, which was more than could be said for most of today's volunteers. Clarice ended up going into quite a bit more detail than usual, and while she was explaining everything Tara took out a big bottle of water from her cute backpack and cracked it open to take a few long sips. "Right now we're still trying to demonstrate that the whole approach will produce the quantity, and most importantly the variety that we need to make it worthwhile. According to the theory everything should be viable, but the only way to really be sure is testing with volunteers," Clarice concluded with a note of cautious optimism.

"Well, it all sounds interesting anyway," Tara replied, chuckling. "And I could really use the money right now. So I just need to sign here, take this and then give a sample, right?" She looked down at the cup and the consent form and reached for the pen.

"That's right," Clarice nodded, then glanced away quickly. When Tara leaned over the counter like that, one couldn't help but notice the way her low-cut crop top showed off her cleavage. "Uh, you can come back in about a half hour for that part."

Tara stopped with her hand poised over the signature line and looked up. "Oh, I don't need to wait or anything. I'm all ready to go right now."

"Yes, you can take the formula right away. It's just after that you'll just need to wait about a half hour for the enzyme to take effect."

"Oh right, of course." Tara set the pen down, frowning. "It's just, I was kinda on the way to my final right now. Does it have to be in a half hour? How about if I come back a little later, in like an hour or two?"

"That shouldn't be a problem." Most of the volunteers had wanted to get everything over with as soon as possible, but as far as Clarice knew there wasn't any reason why waiting a little longer should make a difference.

"Great!" Tara exclaimed, grinning again. "I'll see you in a little while, then." She finished signing and swallowed the formula, washing it down with a few more big gulps from her water bottle, and then she left. Clarice wished her luck with her final and sat back down to wait for the next volunteer.

Two and a half hours later she was still sitting there when the door opened again. Clarice got up right away with a smile on her face, which disappeared when she saw who it was.

"Heyyy, how are you doing over here?" Camille asked with a smirk as she came up and leaned on the desk. "Got a lot of volunteers? Betcha I got more," she snickered. Camille was the other postdoc working on this project, and as usual she had found a way to turn it into a competition.

Clarice sighed softly, annoyed. "Come on, Cam. You know perfectly well this is research, not some kind of race."

"Yeah, yeah, yeah," Cam waved away her objections, "just because it's research doesn't mean we can't have a little fun with it. Anyway, I already dropped my samples off at the lab and the results should be ready soon, so just meet me there when you've got enough." She trotted off down the hall to the lab, ignoring Clarice's second annoyed sigh.

Even though Clarice was pretty sure they had all the samples the project needed already, there was still something she had to wait for. So she sat back down and waited, but she didn't have to wait long. Not quite a half hour later the door opened again, and this time it was just who Clarice was hoping for.

"Oh, Tara. I'm glad to see you again. I was starting to get worried that you wouldn't make it."

"Uh-huh. Me too," Tara replied as she approached the desk, "I'm really glad I made it." Her voice seemed a bit strained and there was something odd about the way she was walking. "So um, I can just give you the sample right now, right?"

"Of course. Come right through here," Clarice gestured to the door just next to the reception desk. "You'll just need this first..." She went over and knelt to reach into the cabinet by that door. Remembering how she would sometimes feel after a long final, she turned her head to make a sympathetic remark, but froze with a little surprised gasp when she saw and suddenly realized what was odd. Tara's face was set in intense concentration, her mouth a thin line and her cheeks gently flushed. She was walking with stiff, careful steps, her arms held at her sides and her hands balled into fists. But most striking of all was Tara's bare midriff, where one couldn't help but notice that her outfit was now showing off her nice firm abs along with a very firm, very round and very prominent bulge that could only be made by a very large and extremely full bladder.

For a long moment Clarice could only stare at the broad swell of Tara's lower abdomen, extending from just above her bellybutton all the way down to disappear inside her shorts. Everything about the way Tara was walking seemed to suddenly make perfect sense, and it gave a whole new meaning to what she just said: Tara *really* had to give her sample *right* now.

After a few last unsteady steps she stood right in front of the door, growing even more obviously uncomfortable by the second. Her hips were squirming and wiggling, her toes were tensed and pressed into the foam of her flip-flops, her arms were trembling, and her face was flushing brighter and brighter. She started to slowly lean forward at the waist as her feet slowly rose onto tiptoes, even as her toes themselves wiggled and squirmed. She took a shuddering breath and looked down, saying only, "Um..."

"Oh!" Clarice exclaimed as she was startled back to attention and suddenly realized how long she had been staring at the extraordinary sight. She reached into the cabinet with the rows of cups, then paused for a moment and reached past them, all the way to the back. "I, um... yes, you'll just, um... take this." Standing up quickly, she unscrewed the cap from the extra-large sample cup and held it out with one hand while she yanked open the bathroom door with the other.

Tara reached to take the cup, but before she could she froze and gasped, her eyes going wide. "Oh no..." she squeaked in a tiny horrified voice, and Clarice realized what that meant and looked down just as Tara thrust her hands into her crotch, trembling even more and flushing even brighter than ever. She stood motionless like that for a long moment, then snatched the sample cup from Clarice's hand and zipped past her into the bathroom.

She gasped again and started to undo her shorts, her free hand trembling so badly she could only fumble at the button on her fly while she gasped again and then again, until finally it came open. In a single motion she grabbed the back of her shorts and yanked them down, and Clarice looked away just a bit too late to keep from seeing.

As soon as she averted her eyes she heard the loud splattering, along with the soft hissing and the much louder moan of Tara's intense relief. "She made it," Clarice whispered, with considerable relief of her own. "I'm really glad she made it." The splattering sound steadily changed into splashing, while the moan turned into a long breathy sigh. Clarice reached back and felt for the door handle, careful to avoid looking as she closed the bathroom door. That muted the hissing but not the steady burbling splashes of a very powerful stream pouring into a sample cup at very close range, so she had to stand and listen to Tara producing her urine sample.

It went on and on and on, and when the mighty noise finally faded away it was only a little while longer until the door opened. Tara was again fully dressed and held the very full cup very carefully, and Clarice took it and carefully screwed the top back on. She felt a bit more uncomfortable than usual as they went back to the desk to take care of the final signature and the stipend, but Tara didn't seem to notice as she took her receipt and left, still just a bit flushed and grinning with contentment.

As soon as that was done Clarice got all the samples together and headed down to the lab where Camille was already waiting. She looked up from entering her initial data and smirked, "Looks like I got two more test subjects than you after all."

Clarice just gave her the exasperated sigh that always meant 'quit trying to turn everything into a contest' while she arranged her set of samples alongside Cam's for analysis.

"Still, your samples might have better results, so you haven't lost yet." Cam was still smirking. The results that mattered were what synthesis products they could identify in the samples. As long as even a few of those samples met their projections it would be enough to proceed to the next phase of research, but beyond that it didn't really matter how many they had. Clarice just gave Cam a quick glare and sat down to start entering her own data while they awaited the results of the analysis.

When it was finished they both leaned over together to look at the screen, and for a few moments they stared in silence. Then Clarice breathed, "Wow..." her eyes going wide. "That's-"

"How did you do that!" Cam burst out. "This is one of yours, isn't it?" She jabbed a finger at the screen, and the same set of numbers where Clarice was still staring. Most of the results on the screen were just about what they expected, right around the ranges predicted by their experimental hypothesis. But the numbers in one column, from one particular sample, were far higher, exceeding all of their projections and surpassing even their most optimistic predictions. Cam went on, "How did one of yours end up so much better than all of mine? You better not have gone messing with anything because-"

"Will you forget about your stupid imaginary competition already, this is important!" Clarice cut her off hotly as she belatedly registered the accusation. Leaning closer, she pointed at the screen herself. "If we can confirm these results and produce them consistently, our little project could turn into a major avenue of research. Got it?" Cam closed her mouth, rethinking her indignant reply and turning back to the screen. The rest didn't need to be said. A breakthrough like that would mean major funding and prestige for the department, along with prestige and opportunities for the two lucky postdocs that made the discovery. But first they had to confirm the results.

"Okay, so what does it mean?" Cam was calming down and focusing now. "There has to be something special about that sample, right? Unless it's just a fluke, or an error with the analyzer."

"I'll stay here and analyze it some more to be sure," Clarice was looking at the ID number of the special sample and thinking about what it might mean. "But I think I might have an idea what happened..."

###

Experiment #1: The Final

It was getting late when Clarice finished her analysis, and she was stretching her stiff shoulders as she came out of the lab.

"Hey." Camille looked up as she approached. "Have you figured it out, then?"

"The results are definitely accurate, if that's what you mean." She'd put that sample through every kind of analysis the lab could do, and every time the results were consistent. "Now we'll need to try to find out what happened. Like I said, I might-"

"Too late then!" Cam burst out with a big grin. "Because I've got our answer right here. Take a look," she motioned Clarice over and turned her monitor.

"Huh?" Clarice came over, frowning in confusion. "What do you mean? Did somebody else already publish something after all? Because I thought we checked all the archives for..." She trailed off. It wasn't any journal archive on Camille's screen, it was a video.

The scene showed a big, moderately crowded lecture hall viewed from multiple angles. It looked like the feed from all the room's security cameras side by side. One of those cameras had a view of the main door, where a few more students were coming in and taking their seats. She watched, still wondering what it was all supposed to mean, and she was about to ask when she saw a familiar face. "Oh! That's-"

"It's her, isn't it? I knew it! And I knew you'd recognize her too, with the highlights in her hair." Cam sounded a little giddy just now, and Clarice glanced at the pair of empty cans on her desk with the big colorful logos. Camille always had a can of that energy drink of hers when she was doing lab work, and she usually didn't stay this late, so tonight she must have had that second can to keep going a little longer.

"It's... um, yeah, it's her." Clarice recognized that crop top and those short shorts and those long toned legs just as easily as the platinum blonde streaks in the girl's hair. That was Tara on the screen, which meant this video had to be from Tara's final earlier today.

"See, I was looking for her name in your notes but when I saw what time you signed her up and what time you got her sample I was like, 'why did she wait so long?' and then I remembered 'duh, it's finals week!'" Cam was starting to ramble like she sometimes did when she was running on caffeine. Clarice nodded vaguely and sat down beside her, still focused on the screen. Tara was on all the cameras at once now as she sat at her desk and set her half-full water bottle next to her test. "So I was looking through today's final schedules and I thought I'd check the security cameras but as soon as I went to the server I found this instead."

Another camera angle appeared then, a zoomed-in view from the back of the room. It was focused on the back of Tara's desk, so when Tara sat down it had a perfect view of the back of Tara's shorts. "Um..." Clarice muttered, suddenly becoming uncomfortable, "Is that, uh..."

"Yeah, see, I found it on the department server." Cam snickered. "I guess someone noticed something interesting that happened at this test and put this together from the security camera footage. Oh but don't worry, I pulled all the original footage too just in case." All security camera footage from exam periods was freely available for anyone with an account to access as part of a 'transparency and honesty' initiative. That didn't answer her actual question, however.

"Right but, uh..." Clarice pointed at the screen this time, "Is it trying to look at her..."

"Yeah, see apparently there's some kind of rumor that what's-her-name there never wears underwear, and I guess someone was trying to find out if it's true." Cam snickered some more. "That's why the camera keeps zooming in on her butt, to see if it'll catch a glimpse of her buttcrack."

"Her name's Tara..." Clarice muttered with a little grimace. She would have been more comfortable with the term 'gluteal cleavage', particularly just now that she found herself thinking about what happened earlier at the health center and especially what happened in the health center bathroom.

After a moment Tara leaned over the papers on her desk, and another camera angle appeared. This one was a zoomed-in view from the camera at the front of the room, behind the podium and above the darkened smart board there, and when Tara leaned over she gave that camera a perfect view right down her very low-cut crop top. Zoomed in like this, it was just about clear enough to make it just about impossible not to notice that Tara was definitely not wearing a bra. Clarice looked away, uncomfortable again, and Cam pointed out, "Don't worry, it skips most of this boring part."

Clarice glanced at the timestamp there in the corner, and sure enough after just a few seconds it flickered as the video skipped ahead several minutes. Tara was still sitting focused on her test, and hardly even looked up as she reached over for her water bottle. The camera behind her responded by zooming even closer to focus on the way her stretch made her shorts stretch and squeeze her rear end in new and interesting ways. As she raised the bottle to her lips the camera in front of her zoomed closer too, focused on the way her top strained and stretched over her firm and very perky breasts.

Then she put the bottle back down and there was another skip, right to another sip that was just a little longer and another set of zooms just a little closer. After the third skip Tara took a longer drink, and this time Clarice noticed her legs were crossed. With the next skip she noticed Tara's leg bouncing slightly, the flip-flop dangling carelessly from her foot, and by the next it had fallen off and lay upside-down on the floor. Before long both her legs were bouncing rhythmically, and then she was gently rocking back and forth and her hips were beginning to wiggle. With every skip she seemed to be squirming more and more, but she just kept drinking from her nearly empty water bottle, too focused on her test to notice what was happening. But Clarice noticed, and she knew just what it was and exactly what it meant, and she found herself thinking back to what she saw at the health center earlier, and she also found herself thinking about biology.

Because earlier she saw Tara arrive at the health center just finishing a nice big coffee drink, and then she saw Tara leave the health center just starting a nice big bottle of water, and just now she saw Tara arriving at her final with that bottle of water already half-empty. So now she could picture what was happening inside Tara's body just perfectly, all that fluid passing through her digestive system and into her bloodstream, the sharp drop in tonicity inhibiting vasopressin release and deactivating aquaporin in her nephrons and reducing their reabsorbtion rate, letting the excess hydration flow straight through her kidneys to her ureters for peristalsis to pump right into her bladder.

And her bladder slowly and steadily filling up and swelling, until it swelled enough to trigger the detrusor stretch receptors to send their signals back up to the rostral pons. There the Barrington's Nucleus would respond and send its signals right back down to the internal sphincter and the detrusor muscle, and when Tara felt that distinctively and distinctly uncomfortable sensation it would finally notify her of was going on in her own uncomfortably full bladder.

Of course, knowing all about the biology of the situation didn't really tell Clarice anything new about it. Just from the way Tara looked on the video during her final, it was becoming obvious enough that she had to go to the bathroom. And Clarice had already seen the way Tara looked at the health center after her final, right before she finally made it to the bathroom. But thinking about that now reminded Clarice of something else, of what Tara said at the health center before her final: "I'm all ready to go right now."

Tara was already ready to go, she was already ready to give her sample, and she could already tell. That meant she was already feeling the discomfort that arose when her pontine micturation center sent her that signal, which meant it was already getting the signal from her stretch receptors that were already being stretched by her swelling bladder. And when she said it she had just finished drinking her coffee and just started drinking her water. After drinking all that, by the time she got to her final and sat down, Tara's system must have been quite fully hydrated already, and she was still drinking even more. And while she sat, all the excess hydration from everything she'd been drinking already along with all the additional hydration from everything she was still drinking must have been flowing freely right through her kidneys and pumping through her ureters and absolutely pouring right into her already noticeably full bladder.

And that's what they were watching on the video. Tara's bladder was filling up more and more, swelling and stretching. Her stretch receptors were sending stronger and stronger signals, and the signals coming back were instructing her involuntary internal sphincter to relax at the same time as her equally involuntary detrusor muscle contracted, in order to cause her bladder to involuntarily empty itself. Needless to say, nothing like that was going to happen to Tara, thanks to her voluntary external sphincter and its well-developed reflex to contract and hold her urethra safely closed and keep the contents of her bladder safely inside. 

So Tara herself could simply sit and stay focused on her test while the tension between her detrusor and her subconsciously actuated sphincter grew stronger and stronger and the visible signs of her discomfort slowly but steadily grew a little more obvious. She squirmed, she shifted restlessly, she rocked slowly back and forth and her crossed legs began gently bouncing, a whole set of subconscious movements that together had the effect of applying a little extra pressure upon the vicinity of her urethra to help out her squeezing sphincter. And once the discomfort grew strong enough, it finally broke through Tara's focus into her conscious awareness.

After a particularly long and intense squeeze and a little shiver that made her whole body tense up for a moment Tara looked up with an anxious and slightly worried expression. Clarice had to sympathize, especially when she thought about how much longer Tara was going to have to endure her discomfort before she hurried into the health center. For now, Tara slipped the mostly-empty water bottle back into her backpack and carefully crossed her legs, making a fully conscious effort to help with the squeezing of her sphincter muscle and hopefully help alleviate her intense discomfort.

But that discomfort was still getting worse. Soon she was squirming and rocking in her seat constantly, completely unable to keep still. Her legs were bouncing more vigorously, both her flip-flops on the ground now and both her bare feet wrapped around the leg of the chair. She was biting her lip in anxiety and concentration as she struggled to focus on both her squeezing and her test. And throughout it all Tara's expression was like a silent squeal of distress that grew steadily in intensity and eloquence from "I gotta go!" into "Oh I really gotta go!" then through "Oh man, I gotta go so bad..." to "Oh no, I really gotta go right away!" before finally reaching its urgent anguished pinnacle of "I absolutely gotta go *right* now!!" Clarice could only watch in helpless horrified sympathy as that last flash of wide-eyed agony was followed by another shiver and a little gasp and a horrified wide-eyed stare that could only mean "What if I can't hold it!?"

Clarice almost gasped herself when she saw it, and she had to remind herself that Tara could definitely hold it, that she already knew Tara could hold it through her whole final, because she already saw Tara when she arrived at the health center, still holding it, after her final. She already watched Tara, still holding it, hurry into the bathroom, where she could pull down her shorts and finally stop holding it and let go safely into a sample cup. But at the same moment she remembered that, she watched Tara on the screen drop her pencil and reach down with both hands and start to unbutton her fly. 

All her reassurances vanishing at the sight, Clarice was struck by the sudden horrifying thought that she was about to see Tara reach for the bottle in her backpack and resort to an extremely drastic emergency measure that she was sure to regret as soon as she realized she was on camera. But after just a second Tara took up her pencil and returned to her test, with her backpack still closed and her legs still crossed and her shorts still on. She was still very uncomfortable and still squirming very badly, but somehow she didn't seem quite as frantic as before. Clarice wondered why until the camera zoomed all the way in to once again focus on the back of Tara's shorts.

Camille snickered and spoke up at that, "Looks like somebody got their answer after all," her snickers turned to chuckles, "and an even better view than they expected." Clarice ignored her laughing and just stared. A small but quite visible bit of Tara's gluteal cleavage was peeking out just a little from the back of Tara's shorts, and as she continued squirming the back of her shorts slipped a little lower and let it peek out a little more. After just a few seconds it was visible enough to make the truth of the rumor just about as obvious to anybody watching as it was to Clarice at the health center earlier, when she couldn't quite look away fast enough at the moment that Tara suddenly pulled down her shorts in the health center bathroom and couldn't help but see that Tara was definitely not wearing any underwear.

She felt a brief pang of sympathy for Tara's slight accidental exposure, but then she remembered something else she saw at the health center and realized the other significance of Tara's descending shorts. Because if loosening her shorts like that let the back of the waistband slip down and expose her gluteal cleavage to the camera behind her, it also released the squeezing that the front of the waistband placed upon her bulging bladder, and that must be why Tara didn't look quite so uncomfortable anymore.

She had never really thought much about something like that before or about just how much it might help in a situation like this, but it made sense right away and as soon as she started thinking about it she found herself thinking about how it might work, and she found herself thinking about anatomy. About Tara's bladder filling up and swelling and stretching enough to trigger her stretch receptors, and then swelling even more until it began to impinge on other nearby organs. 

The pelvic cavity, already quite cramped to begin with, becoming more and more crowded as the steady flow forced her bladder to steadily expand until it was completely squished and pressing right up against the anterior abdominal wall. With no more room left but her bladder still growing, the abdominal wall itself would start stretching and Tara's abdomen would start swelling, slowly and steadily developing into a big prominent bulge just like the one she saw at the health center earlier, right beneath Tara's bellybutton.

But that was only when Tara came back to the health center after her final. When Tara was at the health center the first time, before her final, the waistband of her shorts was there under her bellybutton, right where that bulge would be forming. So while Tara was sitting and trying to focus on her final, with her bladder filling and beginning to stretch and her abdomen bulging and beginning to swell, it would have quickly met the resistance of her very tight shorts. With that additional constriction on top of the periodic involuntary contractions of her own detrusor muscle, the combined squeezing on poor Tara's poor bladder must have been almost unbearable.

So by unbuttoning her shorts and releasing the constriction from her waistband, it made perfect sense that Tara would immediately make herself that much less uncomfortable. With her abdomen free to swell and bulge to accommodate her steadily filling and swelling bladder, Tara would have a little while longer to focus on her test. But even so, Clarice found herself wondering if that was all there was to it, and she found herself thinking about psychology. 

She had always suspected that any physiological effect which produced uncharacteristically pronounced results with unexpected immediacy might have a psychological component involved as well. For instance, if Tara had experienced something like this before then she might have ended up conditioning herself and induced a sort of Pavlovian response. Or if she had heard about something like this before trying it herself then she might have ended up anticipating the results and induced a sort of placebo effect. It was just the sort of fascinating question that someone might design an experiment to answer, perhaps with a sort of belt that could be remotely loosened and tightened...

When she found herself thinking that, however, Clarice decided she was thinking entirely too hard about the matter, and anyway she was right in the middle of an experiment already. So she returned her focus to Tara, who was already growing very uncomfortable once again. Whatever the exact cause of her reprieve, it was turning out to be very brief. After all, whatever she might do to alleviate the tightness that was making her discomfort worse, she had absolutely no way to relieve the intense discomfort itself, or to stop her own body from making it steadily worse.

With Tara's system still overhydrated her kidneys were still flowing as freely as ever, her ureters were still pumping dutifully and still filling up her already overfilled bladder even more. Tara was squirming and wiggling constantly now, rocking back and forth with her legs twisted tightly. From time to time she would freeze and stiffen with all her weight perched on a corner of the chair, her pencil held still and her whole body held tense, motionless and trembling while she clamped her legs together as hard as she could. Every time Clarice just couldn't help but picture what was happening: Tara's detrusor muscle tightening, squeezing her bladder even harder than ever, while Tara forced her sphincter muscle to squeeze just as hard to resist it.

After a particularly long and particularly intense wave of squeezing that made Clarice wonder if Tara was going to have to reach for her backpack and resort to drastic measures after all, Tara suddenly put down her pencil and quickly flipped through her test, then started putting everything away. With no small relief Clarice glanced down at the timestamp to confirm that Tara's final and her extremely uncomfortable ordeal were both nearly over. Tara picked up her backpack and smiled as she hopped eagerly to her feet, only to let out a startled squeak and sit right back down. 

That sudden movement and the little jolt it delivered to Tara's highly overstretched bladder must have triggered another merciless squeeze from Tara's detrusor at the same time as Tara was momentarily distracted. She sat perched on the chair with her hands in her lap and her legs crossed tightly, squeezing and blushing as she tried to ignore the curious stares from the nearby students that glanced over at the sound. Clarice thought she must at least be glad that most of them had already left, not that it would matter much if she ever found out that it was all on camera anyway.

When the wave passed Tara felt around with her feet to slip her flip-flops back on, then put on her backpack and stood up again, more gingerly this time. With small careful steps she started toward the front of the room, just as a smiling blonde girl in the front row stood up too and got in front of her. The blonde paused in the act of turning in her test to chat for a bit with the TA, giggling cheerfully and never even noticing Tara, who had to stand behind her waiting and squirming. 

Just about everyone else seemed to notice, however, especially when another very intense wave struck and Tara gasped sharply and moaned softly and bent forward, rising to her tiptoes and trembling and squirming even more than ever. Just watching her, Clarice could perfectly picture Tara's detrusor muscle contracting cruelly upon her dangerously full bladder, while Tara forced her sphincter muscle to clench just as hard as it could to keep her urethra safely closed and keep the contents of her bladder safely inside. For a long moment she stood there trembling just like that, while everyone behind her looked up one by one at the remarkable sight of a tall athletic college student acting just like a little girl who was just about to wet her little panties.

Only the blonde girl never noticed, and for a moment Tara didn't notice either when that girl turned with a final giggle and trotted cheerfully out the door. Then the wave slowly receded and Tara gradually became aware of the TA sitting there staring at her. She straightened and silently handed over her test, then turned and carefully headed for the door herself, showing the camera beside it a perfect profile of her bare midriff as she passed. The still frame of that moment remained on screen beside the other cameras as the door closed behind her, and the big firm bulge clearly visible beneath Tara's bellybutton looked exactly like Clarice remembered.
