A Yuki/Kyo Fruits Basket Omo Fic: Roadtrip Desperation

Author: espikiki

*000*2023-06-06 02:06

So, this is an omo fanfic of the pairing Yuki x Kyo from the anime Fruits Basket. It's been my hyper fixation show as of late, and I honestly haven't felt this way about anime characters since like middle school (I'm 22 now), and I haven't written fan fiction since then either, so... this is definitely taking me back. If you haven't seen this anime, first I highly recommend it, it will make you feel a wide range of feelings in every episode, it's on Hulu, Fruits Basket (2019). Second, this is based loosely on a specific episode, but all you really need to know is: 

1) the general plot of this show is about a group of people brought together by their curse of the zodiac, tying them to the spirit of one of the twelve zodiacs, and although they are human, they take on the energy of these spirits and (in typical anime fashion) will transform into their zodiac animal if hugged by a person of the opposite sex. 

2) Yuki has silver hair (like his zodiac the mouse) and is nicknamed "the prince" because of his mystery and (slightly feminine) beauty that makes many fall for him, Kyo has orange hair (like his zodiac the cat) and has a hot temper

3) the two hate each other and are constantly fighting all because of internalized rage/jealousy based on their connection to the old story of the zodiac, but have recently been semi sort of tolerating each other for the sake of their new friend Tohru (I mean you gotta watch it to get the rest)

This is kind of smutty, just a warning.

"Then it's settled, we're going!" Shigure announced enthusiastically.

Kyo grimaced and Yuki rolled his eyes. A trip to the lake house is not what either of them had in mind for the weekend, but Toruh seemed so excited about it, they felt compelled to go.

Between Toruh and Shigure, their giddiness was palpable. "Come on, come on, you slow pokes, finish up your morning tea and get packing!" Shigure said, pouring the last of the tea in the pot into both of their cups.

"What?! You mean we're going now?!" Kyo flew up from his seat, knocking over his tea in the process.

"Idiot." Yuki mumbled under his breath before finishing off is own cup of tea.

Shigure continued, unphased, "Well I can't think of a better time, we'll get there with plenty of daylight still. And besides, Hatori is already on his way to come get us."

Yuki and Kyo's eyes widened as they realized this had been planned all along. They huffed, and after enough prodding, both made their way up to their respective bedrooms to pack.

When Hatori arrived, Kyo was lounging in front of the TV, he had finished packing (haphazardly throwing things into a random bag) in five minutes flat. Shigure sat at the table nearby, of course, Kyo noticed, he already had a bag packed. They were just waiting on Yuki and Toruh to finish packing before hitting the road.

After what felt like hours to Kyo, and five minutes to Shigure and Hatori, the remaining pair finally made their way downstairs, bags in hand.

I can't believe he's making us go on this stupid trip. Yuki thought silently, though his annoyance was displayed loudly on his face. Whatever, I'll just sleep the whole way there, so I should probably go to the bathroom now-

His thoughts were cut short by Toruh's squeaking voice behind him. "I'm sorry I took so long, I was so excited I didn't know what to pack so I just packed everything! Oh no I didn't realize all of you were already finished packing I hope I didn't keep you waiting long I'm so sorry I-" The words tumbled quickly out of Toruh's mouth, just as Toruh tumbled quickly down the flight of stairs. Yuki turned his head just in time to see Toruh crashing into him.

Poof!

The cloud of yellow dust slowly cleared from the air as everyone stared wide eyed at an exasperated Yuki sitting on the floor in mouse form.

After countless apologies from Toruh, and a few jabs at her clumsiness from Kyo, Yuki managed to return to his human form and quickly redress.

"Now that that fiasco is finally over, everybody in the car!" Shigure said, practically shoving them all out the door.

With Hatori driving, Shigure on shot gun, and the trio in the back with Kyo squished in the middle, they were off.

It had been insisted by everyone that Toruh would get a window seat, so she could admire the beautiful view on the drive over. Hatori declared that the boys would have to rock, paper, scissors for the other window seat, and like usual, Yuki beat Kyo, leaving Kyo stuck in the middle for the duration of the four hour car ride.

The first fifteen minutes went by mind numbingly slow, so much so that both Yuki and Kyo drifted off to sleep, which at least made the next hour go by fast. At one point in their peaceful slumber Yuki's head had fallen on Kyo's shoulder, and Kyo's head rested on top of Yuki's. Toruh giggled while Shigure snapped pictures. Hatori smirked, glancing at them through the rear view mirror, then announced to the car that he's pulling over to the next rest stop to fill up on gas and grab some snacks.

"Oh Kyooo, Yuuuuki!" Shigure sang. "Time to wake up my sleeping beauties!"

The two boys grumbled something unintelligible, both very much still asleep.

"Oh let them sleep, there's another rest stop not too far out if they need it. Besides, I'm enjoying the peace and quiet of them not bickering," Hatori said as he filled up the tank. After the three were done using the restrooms and getting snacks they hopped back on the road, all in high spirits.

Not long after, the boys began to rise from their slumber. Slowly, and then all at once as they jerked up and shouted in surprise at the compromising position they had found themselves in, earning them an uproarious laughter from the rest of the gang.

@@Yuki crossed his arms and glared out the window, annoyed. Eventually he began to relax and let his forehead fall onto the cool window. Just as he did so he noticed a pang in his bladder. All of the sudden, the events of that morning went flashing through his head. The tea he had gulped down, even though he already had two cups already and a tall glass of juice before breakfast, the rushed packing, the accidental transformation, the struggle to get everyone all in the car... No where in there, Yuki realized, did he actually get to use the bathroom. It wasn't anything he couldn't handle, but still, being a sickly child took subtle tolls on his body, including his bladder. It wasn't a big deal, aside from him having to use the restroom a bit more often than his other male counterparts, but that was merely an inconvenience. Although, being more reserved and not liking to display his emotions, or any human need for that matter, he would always find an excuse to step away, rather than announcing that he needed to use the bathroom.

@@So, despite feeling the growing need to relieve himself, Yuki remained silent. It's fine really, he thought glancing out the window. I think I recognize this area, there's a rest stop near by, surely we'll be stopping soon. So he waited. And waited. And waited some more, slowly realizing that the stop was not coming. His brows furrowed as his predicament began to sink in. His knees rubbed together and he subconsciously rubbed his thigh, in an effort to calm his nerves and relieve some of the pressure in his bladder. Kyo threw him a sharp glare, irritable from having his peace disrupted by Yuki's fidgeting, but Yuki didn't even notice, he was too busy staring out the window as his mind wandered. I must have missed it while I was sleeping, why didn't anyone wake me? He took a peak at the clock, trying to gauge how much time was left on the trip. Two hours. Yuki was less than confident that he could hold it all the way to the lake house, but he put his mind somewhat at ease as he reminded himself that they usually make another stop in the second half of the trip.

Time passed on like a sloth in a tar pit for Yuki. Usually he'd pass the time by reading a book or daydreaming while listening to whatever was playing on the radio, but this time, all that occupied his thoughts was how bad he needed to pee. His fidgeting had increased, starting with a steady tapping of the foot, which escalated to a rapid bouncing of the knee. Kyo was beyond aggravated at this point, but was trying his best to contain his frustration, because he knew Hatori would lay in on him if he created a distraction while he was driving.

What is wrong with that damn rat? Can't he sit still? Kyo looked down at their legs which were touching, side by side, much to his dismay, as a result of Kyo being smooshed in the middle seat. Kyo felt every bounce, every twitch, every wiggle Yuki made, and he just about had it. It must be all that tea he drank, it's like he's over caffeinated... or... or... oh. All of his frustration dissipated and was replaced with schadenfreude. Kyo smirked and let out a quiet, bemused snort. Serves him right.

But as time ticked on Kyo began to lose enjoyment in the pain of his rival as he watched Yuki's desperation grow more urgent. It started with Yuki occasionally squeezing at the fabric of his dark blue pants, then with him biting his lip, which stirred something in Kyo that he didn't understand, then, as his eye's drifted away from the soft boy's lips, Kyo watched as Yuki squeezed his eye's shut. Why doesn't he say something? Is the prince really too proud to show he has real human needs? Or... maybe it's not pride... As Kyo fought his brain to push down these sudden feelings of empathy, that would surely disrupt Kyo's harmonious hatred for his life long competitor, Hatori piped up from the front seat, startling both boys who were lost deep in thought. Yuki jumped worse than Kyo, and then tensed up his entire body hard.

Yuki had been working up the courage in his head to ask for a rest stop as he began to come to terms with his situation. He knew he could keep holding it in, albeit not comfortably in the slightest, but there was no way he could wait until they reached the lake house. At this point, only a half hour had past since the last time he checked the clock, but that was all the time his bladder needed to steadily fill up to a very uncomfortable fullness. He was just about to get out the words when Hatori's voice abruptly pulled him out of his thoughts. The shock traveled straight to his groin, causing him to stiffen, suppressing a shiver.

"Alright, we only have about another hour and a half let, but there's another rest stop up ahead. I think I'll pull over there, give us a chance to move our legs, and I'm sure you two could use the break since you slept through the last one." Hatori smirked, looking pointedly at the two boys through the rearview mirror. He let out a brief chuckle and shared a knowing glance with Shigure.

"Oh that would be great, thank you Hatori!" Toruh replied cheerfully, startling the boys once more who had completely forgot about her existence in the seat next to them. She hand been curled up, leaning against the window, admiring the scenery and generally spacing out. She hadn't made so much as a peep the entire time.

Yuki felt his cheeks heat up as he thought about what Ms. Honda would say if she noticed his desperate situation. There's no way he could let her see him that way. The very thought of showing signs of weakness made a pit form tightly in his stomach. He was just relieved that Hatori spoke up when he did. Now he can stop worrying, he'll get to use the bathroom and no one would be none the wiser about just how bad his need had gotten.

As they pulled into a parking space at the rest stop, which turned out to just be a small shop & stop, Yuki practically had his hand hovering over the door handle ready to jump out. Kyo relaxed a bit, relieved to no longer be in a position of having to see Yuki as an actual human being with needs and weaknesses, and ready to go back to their usual cat and mouse dynamic. As Yuki got out and made a beeline to the bathroom, Kyo had the mischievous thought to cut in front of poor Yuki and make him wait a bit longer, seeing as they only had the one unisex bathroom. But ultimately he decided against going for the low hanging fruit. He could be cruel, but he figured that would be a bit too sadistic, even for him. He watched as Yuki tugged on the bathroom door, and then knocked loudly upon realizing it was locked. Kyo glanced at a sign posted by the door.

"You need a key." He said nonchalantly, with a twinge of mocking in his voice. Yuki cursed under his breath, and headed over to the counter to ask for the key. It was a nuisance, but it really didn't matter, he was just happy that in a matter of minutes his pain would all be in the past. As he headed back over to the bathroom he saw Tohru fiddling with the handle. He stopped a few feet a way from her and opened his mouth to say something, but Shigure beat him to it. "Oh Yuki, what a gentlemen getting the key for her!" He exclaimed obliviously.

"Yuki that was so sweet of you, you didn't have to do that, really, thank you!" Tohru cooed, sheepishly taking the key from his hand.

Yuki groaned internally, but figured whatever, she might as well go first. As long as she was happy, he was happy too.

Kyo tried to stifle a laugh. Yuki was faintly aware of this but was too focused on the discomfort in his bladder to care or bother thinking on it. A moment later he heard a flush, followed by a shout. Shigure hurried to the rescue.

"Toruh? Is everything okay in there?" He said, knocking on the door. The door opened to a bright red faced Toruh standing holding a piece of metal.

"Um." She squeaked. "I don't know what happened, it just came off."

Shigure looked past to see the toilet, missing its handle, and beginning to overflow. Cursing, he ran to the valve behind the toilet, which he hurriedly twisted to shut the water off.

"I'm so sorry!" Toruh cried, beyond embarrassed. If it wasn't for the utter terror Yuki was now feeling, he would've thought she looked cute as red as she was. The next few moment flashed before his eyes as an annoyed employee came out with a mop and an out of order sign. Meanwhile Kyo stood, leaning against the car where he hadn't move from in this whole turn of events, mouth agape. He couldn't believe this was really happening.

"Well that is unfortunate," said Hatori, cleaning off his glasses. "Did anyone else need to use the bathroom?"

"I did, but I suppose I'll just go in the trees," Shigure replied, not caring in the slightest.

"Well boys I suppose that's your option for now," Hatori followed, sliding his glasses back up his nose.

Yuki stood there in horror. There is absolutely no way he could expose himself like that, the very thought of doing so out in the open made him blush a deep shade of crimson. Kyo walked over to Yuki, his concern returning, much to his dismay.

"C'mon, let's go," Kyo said, trying to play it cool.

"No, that's okay I can wait." Yuki said coldly.

"Can you?" Kyo asked quietly so no one else could hear. Yuki gave him a stare that could freeze hell over in an instant. "Yes, of course I can, why would you even ask that?"

"Okay, okay, sorry I asked," Kyo replied, putting his hands up.

Shigure returned and assuming everyone was good, gathered everyone back in the car. Hatori, being the family doctor and knowing Yuki better than the boy realized, had at this point caught on to the situation and grew concerned, making a mental note to stop and the next rest stop he saw. But he knew the closest one was still another hour away. Not sure how urgent Yuki's need was, Hatori hoped for the best but made it a point to drive quickly.

@@Back in the car, Toruh resumed her space out session, while Yuki, on the opposite end of the car, sat frozen, face even paler than usual. Kyo's mind was racing and he felt a sense of full body discomfort that was foreign to him, and also... something else he couldn't quite put his finger on. He didn't know what to do. Fifteen minutes went by and Yuki was fidgeting non stop, palm rubbing hard against his knee, lip red from being bitten so hard, and forehead covered in a slight sheen of sweat. This can't be happening. He thought as a deep sensation of dread sunk in. His bladder was so full it hurt and he could feel his seatbelt digging into it. He tried to tug at it to make it a bit looser, but it hardly helped. When will the next rest stop be? Maybe I'll just try to hold it til we get to the lake house. Yuki looked at the clock and groaned semi audibly, gaining a bewildered look from Kyo, which he fully ignored. No, that's not an option. I'll have to ask Hatori to stop again. But we were just at that rest stop, and he offered a chance to use the restroom- er well um, the tree. The anxiety built in his head, but a wave of intense desperation, pulled him out of it. No, it doesn't matter, I have to ask him... but I'll just wait a little bit longer since we JUST left the last stop.

Yuki pressed his now damp forehead into the cool window, focusing his energy on keeping his muscles clenched tight. But he turned his head when he heard the sound of Kyo's voice.

"So um, we haven't been to the lake house in awhile," Kyo said, in a painfully awkward effort to provide Yuki with a distraction. Yuki nodded curtly.

"Oh uh yeah I guess so," he mumbled. His mouth felt dry. He really couldn't afford to put much of his attention towards conversation, but although he found Kyo's sudden interest in small talk very odd, he really appreciated the distraction. Kyo picked up on Yuki's inability to form complex sentences, so he began to just awkwardly ramble. He quickly scanned the car as he talked, and noticed that Hatori was focused on driving, Toruh had drifted off to sleep, and Shigure had popped in some headphones that were playing loud enough to be heard from the rest of the car. He didn't know what deity pulled those strings for him, but he was eternally grateful to get to save face right then. There's no way anyone would let him live it down if they witnessed him partaking in pleasant mundane conversation with his rival.

Meanwhile, Hatori took a peak to see how Yuki was doing, and upon seeing the awkward conversation that was taking place, immediately understood how dire the situation must have become and stepped on it even more. Hold in there Yuki, just a little longer until I can find a rest stop.

Despite how absolutely strange the whole situation was for Yuki, Kyo's odd and frankly suspicious behavior actually had made the time go by faster, and midway through a sentence from Kyo that Yuki was barely listening to, he noticed a road sign for the next rest stop. Twenty miles away. Yuki took a shaky deep breath preparing himself to ask for Hatori to pull over at the next rest stop, but Kyo beat him to it.

"Um Hatori, I kind of have to use the bathroom and I saw a sign for a rest stop up ahead, could we stop there?" That damn rat, can't he speak up for himself? He's clearly not going to make it to the lake house, is he really that embarrassed to ask? It's not that hard. Whatever, I'll just do it.

Yuki and Hatori gave him a confused look until they both silently realized what he was really doing.

"Oh sure, Kyo. It's not too far, only about twenty minutes-" Hatori looked at Yuki through the rear view mirror, "-you know actually I bet we can make it in fifteen."

Yuki's face felt like it was on fire as he blushed profusely. Can Kyo tell how bad I have to go to the bathroom? Is that why he's been acting so weird. Why is he helping me, and not making fun of me? Yuki turned his gaze to Kyo next him, just for a brief moment before turning back to stare at his lap.

"Th-thanks," he muttered.

"Don't mention it," Kyo replied through gritted teeth. "Really, don't ever mention it."

Just then, another strong wave of desperation hit the poor boy and he pressed his head against the seat in front of him, squeezing every muscle in his body in an attempt to hold back the impending flood. It passed, but only for a couple minutes before another wave hit him, then another, and another. Each one harder to contain than the last. He felt like he was on the verge of tears. It hurt so bad, he would take anything at this point, he did not care, he just did not want to have an accident. Not in the car. Not in front of all these people. Not when he was sitting hip to hip with his sworn enemy.

Kyo watched helplessly as Yuki began to unravel. He had never seen Yuki in such a position before. He's usually so stoic, but now... Seeing him like this made Kyo's stomach turn to knots, but also, there was something else stirring in him, just a bit lower. He had dreamed of the moment he could be the stronger one over Yuki, reveal the boy's weakness and fragility, but this is not what he imagined.

Yuki felt frantic, waiting in agony for them to arrive at the rest stop.

"Just a few more minutes Yu- uh Kyo." Hatori called out.

Yuki squeezed his eyes shut tightly at the next wave of desperation. A hot tear escaped from his eye just as a warm trickle of pee snuck out of his bladder. He gasped and grabbed quickly at his crotch, openly holding himself. No wetness shown through his pants, but Kyo had a faint idea what was happening based on the poor boy's reaction.

"Y-Yuki..."

"Don't." He cut off the boy sitting next to him with a curt whisper.

As the single word left his mouth, another spurt of pee left his body. First it was just a short spurt, then two more quickly followed, then a longer stream. Yuki whimpered pitifully as he tried to stop it. The pain was so intense, but he could not, would not pee his pants. Not in the car. Not like this.

Kyo's face paled to a ghostly white as he saw a small spot form on the front of Yuki's trousers, then grow slightly bigger to the size of a golf ball. His mouth went as dry as the desert as he struggled to form words. His stomach was bursting with butterflies that he brushed off as anxiety.

"We're here!" Hatori exclaimed, pulling into a parking spot close to the building. Toruh groggily awoke, taking in her surroundings, while Shigure pulled out his headphones and opened the door to stretch. But Yuki was frozen still.

"C'mon Yuki get out," Kyo croaked. He noticed his words had drawn the attention of Toruh and Shigure. Instinctually, wanting to cover for Yuki (What??), he piped up, "I have to go to the bathroom so move it."

Shigure laughed and Toruh gave Kyo a sympathetic look that he loathed, causing him to once again gain empathy to Yuki's situation, which he somehow loathed even more. Before he could dive too deep into these emotions, his attention was pulled back to Yuki as the boy slowly opened the door and stepped out with raggedy breaths. Fortunately, Toruh and Shigure, although confused as to why they were stopping so soon again, nevertheless had excitedly made their way inside the shop to get more snacks. Hatori casually made his way to the back of the car, where he propped an elbow on top of the trunk, trying to look inconspicuous, but actually keeping tabs on the situation from the corner of his eye.

Yuki tried to take another step away from the car, but his legs felt like jello. He had never been so desperate to use the bathroom in his life, and with his underwear already soaked through, he wasn't sure how he was going to even make it to the bathroom. As he regained some composure, he looked up to see Kyo jogging towards him, which made Yuki do a double take. He was just standing next to me where did he even-? That's when he noticed the key in Kyo's hand.

@@"Let's go, bathrooms are just around the corner." Any other time and Yuki would probably have sent the cat flying with a swift kick for acting so strange and out of character, which could only be attributed to some scheme of his. But right now, all Yuki could think about was the toilet he was so close to. He started to follow Kyo, first very slowly and cautiously, but then working up to a brisk pace. With every other step he felt another spurt come out of his exhausted bladder, but there was no stopping now. He grabbed himself tightly and held on for dear life. As he rounded the corner, Kyo was waiting for him with the door already open. He gave a small nod of appreciation and hurried into the bathroom as he heard the door shut behind him. Now mere inches from relief, he looked down to see the wet spot had grown to the size of a softball. Not ideal but still something he could conceal fairly easily. He went to unbutton his pants, but shuddered at the realization that there was no way he could remove his hand from where he was holding his crotch without the flood gates fully opening up. Shakily, he attempted to undo the button with one hand but to no avail. He let out a strangled, pitiful, groan as another large spurt forced itself past his urethra, lasting a few seconds before he could stop it again. His vision blurred. Whether from exhaustion or tears, he could not tell.

While this was happening, Kyo waited on the other side of the door, letting out a sigh of relief that the apparently not-so-powerful prince was able to get to a bathroom with minimal damage done to his pants. Just as the knot in his stomach was beginning to undo itself, he heard the most heartbreaking groan come from inside the bathroom. He immediately reached for the handle and pushed his ear against the door.

"Yuki? Is everything okay in there?"

"Um," Kyo could hear the tears in the silver haired boys trembling voice. "I'm fine..."

At the sound of Yuki's voice cracking, Kyo burst through the door without hesitation. Luckily Yuki hadn't had the opportunity to lock the door. The orange haired boy froze just for a second as he took in the sight in front of him. Yuki's eyes were red and puffy, his face twinged pink, cheeks covered in a mix of sweat and tears, rosy lips trembling. He was grasping at his crotch with both hands now as a very slow but steady stream leaked out of him, rolling down his leg, a few drops dripping to the floor beneath his feet.

"Oh Yuki," Kyo breathed, voice surprisingly low and raspy. His body seemed to move on its own from that point on. He swiftly moved beside Yuki and undid the button and zipper of his pants in light-speed. His face felt on fire as watched Yuki completely frozen in place, eyes shut, as his pants continued to grow darker.

@@"Fuck!" Kyo shouted, and without thinking of anything but relieving Yuki's distress and minimizing the damage, he slid his hand past the now open zipper and through the slit of Yuki's thoroughly soaked underwear, pulling out his overworked member and aiming at the toilet, allowing Yuki to fully release the absolute torrent that had been building up inside of him. Kyo was shocked by the sheer force of which the pee was streaming out of the boy, causing him to tighten his grip to maintain his aim. Yuki, so overcome by the pure ecstasy he felt from finally being able to let out all of the liquid that had been filling his painfully sore bladder, could not think of anything except how good he was feeling. The fact that his life long sworn enemy was now holding his dick as he pissed full force into the toilet, with wet pants sticking to his leg, was in this moment nothing more than a fact of life. The only thing holding meaning for him right then was the sweet feeling of release. His body went limp as he relaxed, causing Kyo to wrap him left arm around Yuki's torso, as he continued to aim with his right, allowing Yuki to rest against the taller boy's chest. His head lolled back into the crook of Kyo's neck. Kyo just watched, as though he was in a trance, at the breathtaking sight that lay before him. His eyes darkened with lust as he felt the vulnerable warmth of his enemies body against his own, warm breath tickling his neck. It took everything in him not to rut his aching erection against the smaller boy's ass that just barely brushed against his painfully tight pants in the most maddening way possible. His mind was completely overtaken by this new desire that it consumed all other thoughts or reason. After what felt like a life time, Yuki's stream slowly trickled to a stop, causing him to snap back to reality and take in his surroundings. The horror he felt before now resumed tenfold, until he looked up at the intense look on Kyo's face, his orange irises now overtaken by black pupils. A rush of sparks and tingles and butterflies all rolled into one flooded the smaller boy's body, starting at the chest, pushing down his arms all the way to his finger tips, erupting in his abdomen, and finally dispersing to his groin. He felt himself instantly harden, throbbing into Kyo's hand that never lost its grip.

@@"Kyo-" The sound of the word gently emerged from Yuki's lips, barely touching the air before being smothered by Kyo's own hungry lips crashing down, in desperate need of satiation. As lips locked, the rest of the world disappeared, the only sight being the exploding colors behind closed eyelids, the only sound the ringing in their ears, and every touch receptor being overrun by the need to memorize every single sensation that crossed its path. Kyo pulled Yuki's slender but muscular frame against his own, left hand pressing on the silver haired boy's toned stomach, finally granting him the friction his body begged for. His lips pulled harshly away from Yuki's, which was met with a needy whimper-turned-moan as Kyo's lips resumed their exploration down the side of Yuki's exposed neck. The smaller boy's hips bucked helplessly into the taller boy's hand, lighting a fire inside of Kyo that could only be expelled by letting it burn. He traced his tongue up past Yuki's jaw, flicking at his ear lobe, which elicited a sound to escape his throat that Kyo swore to himself he would never stop chasing. In desperate need of hearing it again, Kyo twisted his hand up and down Yuki's shaft. At the end of every up stroke he grazed his thumb over Yuki's leaking tip, and at the end of every down stroke he let his bottom three fingers give a teasing squeeze around his balls. Yuki could faintly feel his mouth fill with saliva as the most intense pleasure he had ever felt welled up inside of him. As his dick began to twitch, Kyo increased the speed at which he moved his hand, up and down Yuki's manhood. Once, twice, three times, and that's all it took to completely and utterly unravel the apparently oh so fragile boy. For the second time that day, his neck fell into the crook of Kyo's and his weakened body pressed all its weight onto the lust-filled boy, who was glad he still had a hand wrapped around the other's abdomen to hold up his shaking body. Hot jets of white fluid sprung out as Kyo continued to pump Yuki's pulsing dick at a steady rhythm, mind on the verge of shattering as he felt in his hand the sensation of cum shooting up through the base of the cock and out the urethra, where it then dripped down his tingling hand. All of this suddenly became too much for Kyo and he buried his face into Yuki's soft, silver hair, and gripped his shirt tightly in his other hand, pulling the boy harder into him in a tight embrace as he uncontrollably came into his boxer briefs, groans muffled against Yuki's head.

As the clarity hit them both and they began to sober, Kyo stumbled back, face aghast. Yuki quickly adjusted himself and zipped up his now cold and damp pants. Before either of them could fall deep into a spiral, a knock at the door brought them both crashing down to earth.

"Um, I'm leaving a bag outside the door for you, I'll be waiting back at the car, take your time." It was Hatori.

After the footsteps retreated, Kyo slowly cracked open the door and retrieved the paper bag laying outside, which contained a pair of underwear, pants, and some wet wipes.

Kyo laughed, "Damn Hatori, can't get anything past him."

Yuki chuckled upon seeing the contents of the bag and let out a deep exhale he didn't know he was holding in. "So now what?" He asked sheepishly.

"Now," Kyo replied, reverting back to his typical impassive stare, "we get cleaned up and head back to the car like nothing happened."

"Right." Yuki replied, reaching for the bag while avoiding eye contact.

"It's just too bad Hatori only brought one clean pair of underwear." Kyo followed with a smirk, handing over the bag.

Yuki snorted, smiling up at Kyo for probably the first time in his life. "You always have to try to one up me at everything, don't you?"

Fin.

