MCU Eternals One Shot -Thena’s Desperation

Author: Edward45

*000*2023-03-21 22:04

The courtyard was never quiet of a morning, but on days when the market vendors came it was full to the rafters. It was practically impossible to move without bumping into some trader or stall loaded with food and wine. Around the perimeters, the occasional rat would scurry past, searching for scraps dropped by careless nobles. The ravens waited eagerly overhead, perched on pillars and gargoyles. They would move in when the humans had cleared out for the day, some time around mid-afternoon. By then there was always plenty for the animals to feast on, though the peasants from the village outside would have killed for half of it.

A woman was rushing across the square, no different than any other to the untrained eye. Blonde hair flowed down well below her shoulders and her eyes were sharp and alert, but she wore the clothes of the middle-aged middle class. She ducked and weaved through the crowds, slipping between each narrow gap so expertly that most didn't notice her presence. The woman moved with a purpose and kept her head down. Though she had every right to be there that morning, she had good reason not to want to be seen.

Thena reached the southern wall of the courtyard, squeezing behind a grandiose stall stocked with expensive fabrics that blocked her slender frame from view. This was one situation when her powers were no use at all; they would only attract unwanted attention. She glanced left, then right, sharp as a whip. Only when she was certain that nobody could see her did she bend down to squeeze through a small door in the stone wall. This entranceway had to be at least half a millenia old, and made for men much shorter than she. Then again, most of the humans she had come across in her six centuries on this rock had lacked a fair few inches on her species.

She let the door swing back to obscure her, already wrestling with her britches. It took far too long to untie the lace and peel them away from her body. As soon as they were out of the way, she bent her legs sharply to squat over a patch of hay in the deserted space. Urine gushed hotly from between her legs and Thena sighed with relief. Of all the human clothing she'd been forced to adopt over the last six thousand years, these wretched things were good competition for her least favourite.

She'd even had to ask Phastos to sew a hidden pocket on the inside, like the men's clothes had. From there she extracted a folded-up piece of blank parchment she'd stolen from the letter-writer's desk that morning. It was far from ideal, but she needed to wipe with something. The material was coarse and uncomfortable against her human vagina, and not nearly as absorbent as she would have liked, but it would do. Thena made a mental note to ask Phastos to come up with something a little more viable in future. She redressed herself while her waters soaked into the hay and started to smell.

Opening the door again by just a crack, Thena confirmed that the coast was clear for her to slip away. It wasn't just the humans she wanted to avoid being spotted by, it was the other Eternals too. She knew all of them with women's bodies had struggled with finding a place to relieve themselves since they'd arrived, and felt guilty for keeping it secret, but if they found out the chances of getting caught would multiply by five. Sprite, in particular, wasn't exactly known for her caution.

England under the reign of Henry VIII had not, so far, been one of Thena's favourite periods of history on Earth. The group had quickly discovered that women were treated with something approaching contempt here for so much as discussing their bodily functions, and bathrooms offered no real amount of the privacy they had grown accustomed to. Any one of them could kill any of these men in a second, but Ajak had made it clear to them that murder was likely to blow their cover, so Thena had been sneaking off to her secret spot when she needed to empty her bladder. Not wanting to visit too often, in case someone noticed the pattern, she usually only went if she could wait no longer.

They were there on a report from Makkari, who had been stretching her legs when she came across signs of Deviant activity in this area. That had been almost two weeks ago, though, and so far they hadn't found the target. To allow them to stay close to the humans, though, they needed to blend in. Sprite and Druig had helped to convince the locals that nothing was amiss, but they couldn't cover all the bases, so everyone had to be careful.

Thena felt much better as she blended back into the market. No longer did she have to move with such urgency, such panic. She'd lived long enough to know that wetting her clothes was something she wanted to avoid. There would be teasing from Sprite and, worse, often the humans too. She thought she had liked it better back when they arrived, when the humans were not so civilised that they cared this much where people did their business.

With her bladder empty again- for now- Thena headed back to the chambers the Eternals had infiltrated, wondering what might be asked of her today.

