Bar Desperation Part 1

Author: Esiotrot

*000*2024-12-24 20:58

In the low lit bar, the air was thick with laughter and the slamming of glasses. D leaned against the counter, drinking very slowly, when he noticed her.

A striking woman with bleaching blonde hair and a playful smile. She had a magnetic energy that drew in his attention for reasons he can’t explain.

As she moved closer, he could see the spark in her eyes, a hint of mischief and boldness. They exchanged glances, and he knew he felt an undeniable connection. She approached him first to his surprise, her voice smooth yet tinged with urgency.

“Excuse me, do you know where the bathroom is?” she yelled through the music her brow slightly furrowed, a hint of desperation creeping into her tone not a care in the world about who she was talking to, just a need for the bathroom.

D shook his head, glancing around the bustling bar. “I’m not sure. I think it might be down that hallway, but it’s hard to tell with the crowd.” Him knowing damn well where the bathroom is but he wanted to watch her struggle to find it for some reason.

“Great,” she replied, her voice laced with frustration. Followed by a mumble of words barely making sense. “This is un….fucking….bare..able”

I’m sorry I’m usually better company. I’m D. And you are?

“I didn’t mean you, I’m finding a bathroom” walking away in frustration and not giving a damn if she was being rude but she needed to pee now before she would have to physically hold herself to relieve the pain.

After, coming back with no success because the line was wrapped around the corner, she decided to hold it even though it was painful and pushing through her. Trying to drink the bathroom away hoping to get passed this ‘breaking the seal’ feeling and hoping that’s all it was, she was sweating so she began to try and throw her hair up to hopefully release some uncomfortableness she was having.

As she flipped her head back up nearly knocking this guys drink out of his hand, it was him again and he was just staring at her. Could he tell how uncomfortable I was, is he enjoying this? Or was she losing her mind because this was definitely not a breaking the seal game.

“I like that you put your hair up.”

Laughing to herself and making eyes at him she starts making her way past him she stopped when she felt him grab her elbow and pull her in to whisper.

“I like seeing you squirm.”

Stunned and confused because she is about to fucking piss her pants but wants him to pull her hair at the same time she can’t really give an excuse or explanation other than how fucking attracted she felt to him. She went to reply but could barely speak at this point and had to pull away and turn to grab her pussy to relieve some pain luckily it was crowded enough no one seemed to notice. Except him. She could feel his eyes piercing her so she waited a second before she looked down then moved just her eyes up right at him as she held herself. She looked at him with her please fuck me eyes before turning on her heels and moving.

As she walked away, he started to follow since she basically just invited him to, even though she could barely talk from having to relieve herself so bad. He was following her, weaving through the groups of people until he caught up with her just as she reached the hallway crippling against the wall in pain from having to pee, about to snap on anyone next to her she was moving her legs back and forth from crossing them and uncrossing them and bending all the way over. She stood back up with both hands in between her legs and she bit on her bottom lip visibly quivering.

That’s when she felt it, some relief and she felt her head rest down on his shoulder. What was happening? It was him. She was resting her head on him and he was holding her up by her pussy with the other arm wrapped around her holding her ass in the air. Anyone that walks by couldn’t tell what he was actually holding her by.

She began to whimper on his shoulder cause she felt so much better but knew it was only temporary. What he was doing had her so arroused and she was so weak from having to pee that she didn’t even want to fight what was happening or question it she was loving whatever this crazy tension with this stranger was.

He could feel the tension between them without making eye contact, glancing at her watching her squirm he decided to shift her up a bit so he could remove his hand and bring her to her feet.

“I think the bathroom is actually this way”

“H-ow does a plaace thi-s big not have more than one bathroom, fuck-ing hell”

Ignoring the fact that he just was holding her in a way she didn’t know she needed.

D grinned, but a part of him reveled in her situation. “Maybe it’s part of the charm.”

“Charm? I’m about to burst here what’s charming about that” she exclaimed, biting her lip again. There was an edge of desperation in her voice that sent a thrill down his spine. She grabbed tight to his wrist to steady herself again.

With a playful glint in his eye, he leaned closer. “It’s okay if you need to bounce around a little”

She shot him a teasing look, but he could see the real urgency behind it. “You’re enjoying this, aren’t you?” she said, her voice teasing yet breathless.

“Immensely” he admitted, enjoying the playful banter but also the tension building between them. She wanted him so bad and couldn’t explain how having to pee this bad and him doing whatever the hell he was doing was making her so horny but needed to pee more so she shook her head and sent a shake down through body to her toes. She needed him to prove she was safe before she could ever admit to how uncomfortable and needy she was. At the same time, she did not care one bit.

Suddenly, she paused, her expression shifting from playful to serious. “D, I- need to-”

“Relieve yourself?” He whispered into her ear.

Her thighs were shaking now and again but then trying to stand still his whisper made her feel like she was going to burst.

“Then we’ll have to find a solution,” he said, locking eyes with her. There was a moment of silence. it was just the two of them, and she looked at him dead in his soul and she wasn’t sure why but she loved this and loved being his eyes to darkness.

“Help me” she begged, her voice skipping beats to a whisper, a mix of challenge and need she couldn’t satisfy. Legs shaking together while trying to stay still. Thinking to herself that she needed to feel his hand or hands low she needed him to lift her up again and was craving it.

Without waiting for an answer, she stepped closer, their bodies almost touching. “You’re- not- just goooing- to let me suffer, are you?” She wanted him to relieve the pressure.

D felt the heat radiating off her skin, and a surge of excitement ran through him. “What if I like seeing you like this?” he teased while holding her chin to look at him but wouldn’t let her do more holding her hands together with his free hand over her bladder so slightly. He leaned into her ear,

“Hold it for me”

And then he pressed his hand inward very slowly and she visibly shuttered and pushed herself forward into him.

He then grabbed her by the wrist and brought her out the back door and around the corner.—

Her breath hitched as she studied him, a mix of desperation and pain in her eyes.

“Only a little longer,” he replied, his voice low and his two fingers moving into her waist line.

She bit her lip, her eyes squinting with a mix of mischief and urgency. She pushed his two fingers down further so that his whole hand was gripping her from the front. She didn’t understand why but it helped release the urgency.

With a daring glint in her eye, she leaned in and captured his mouth with hers. The kiss was intoxicating, igniting a fire within him as she pressed herself against him, their bodies fitting together perfectly. He could feel her start to kneel over from having to go, he grabbed her hair from behind with his free hand and pulled her back to her toes while gripping her pussy tighter with his other hand. She let out a pleasuring moan.

“Maybe this is the solution to your problem,” he murmured between breaths, their foreheads resting against each other, hearts racing.

“There is nothing embarrassing about what I am going to make your body do.”

“Please don’t touch me there you don’t want this, I can’t control it and I need to fucking pee.”

“Don’t act like this isn’t where you want my hand and you don’t want this release, now badly.”

“It feels like I am going to pee I can’t do this to you.”

“Don’t go until I give you permission unless you want to be punished”

“Fine,” she replied breathlessly, her body responding to the heat of the moment, even as the urgency remained while I’m holding her with my hand in between her legs. She can barely form words.

He could see the conflict in her eyes—she wanted to give in to the moment, but her need was undeniable.

“Just imagine,” he whispered, his lips brushing against her ear, “the thrill of being letting go after squirming for so long...”

Her breath quickened, and she shivered at the thought. “You’re really pushing it now.”

“Maybe I want to see just how far you’re willing to wait for me.”

D leaned closer, a mischievous glint shining in her eyes. Whispered in her ear a challenge “I bet you can’t hold it for just a little bit longer.”

”What? longer than what you have me already doing,” she responded with a challenged, playful smirk dancing on her lips.

“Come on, it’s just a game,” D coaxed, his tone light yet persuasive.

With a mix of determination and pressure, She squeezed her legs together tightly around his hand, feeling the pressure build as she tried to focus on anything but her growing discomfort. Squeezing his hand so tight with her thighs that she wanted it to be hard for him to pull it out from her pussy.

As the game went on, something strange began to happen. The adrenaline made her feel light-headed, and the combination of holding on and D’s playful taunts, squeezing his hand, transformed her into a whirlwind of energy. She began to dance on the spot while laughing, her movements becoming erratic as she fought to keep her composure. She began switching each leg from forward to back, rocking back into him she placed her hands on each forearm and squeezed

