Omori fic (Something's in the Bathroom)

Author: Erase

*000*2021-10-12 22:36

Omori is an awesome game. Low key spoilers in this fic. I recommend playing the game before reading but the story is here if you've played or if you have no interest in a game like Omori.

It had been 6 months since the incident. Sunny was sure his friends had moved on by now but his distress only seemed to grow. It was clear to him now time did not heal all wounds. Untreated wounds fester and the guilt of everything was eating him alive.

Sunny woke with a racing heart around 4 AM startled awake by a nightmare. He had seen Something in the bathroom mirror during the day about 3 days ago. He had been so shaken by seeing Something during daylight hours that he hadn't gone back in the bathroom since.

Normally he only saw Something at night. The poor boy couldn't handle it haunting him during the day too. Sunny had been avoiding using the bathroom at night for a long time occasionally waking up in the night unable to go back to sleep because he had held it too long.

On a few occasions he'd been so afraid to leave his bed he'd actually wet himself unable to hold it til sunrise. Sunny had been careful not to drink too much water after seeing Something 3 days ago but it was clear to him now that it hadn't been enough.

He'd been using a milk jug but he hadn't wanted his mother to catch him emptying into the kitchen sink like he normally did so unfortunately the only thing he could use was full. Sunny's mother would be leaving on another extended work trip in the morning but Sunny knew he couldn't hold it that long.

He considered going downstairs to empty the jug while she was sleeping but the stairs frightened him even more than the bathroom. Sunny pressed his thighs together tightly and let out a quiet sob.

He couldn't hold it in forever and he knew it. He was already so full it hurt. He glanced around his room in a quiet panic not wanting to wet the bed like this a third time especially while his mother was home.

Sunny bit his lip trying to find some sort of solution. He had to calm down and think rationally. He couldn't use the jug, he couldn't go downstairs, and he absolutely could not use the bathroom. Sunny laid back on his bed and put a hand over his face. He fanned his legs trying to help the urgency pass. All he could think about was how badly he needed to go and how afraid he was.

He frowned wondering how he'd gotten to this point. He sat up in bed and held himself looking at the clock. His mom would be leaving at 6:00 AM. He wondered if he could at least manage to not wet while she was in the house.

A few deep breaths helped him calm down and eased the pain from his bladder a little. He knew at this point his body would not let him go back to sleep. He stood up from his bed and started searching his room for anything he could possibly use to not wet himself.

As expected he came up empty handed. Sunny turned on his bedroom light before sitting back on the bed. He crossed his legs tightly and held himself tightly to avoid leaking. He rocked back and forth both to try and soothe his mind and help himself hold his overly full bladder.

Sunny stayed like that for several hours alternating between pacing the floor and holding himself on the bed before 6 AM finally rolled around. He heard his mother on the stairs a few minutes ago and assumed he was safe to go downstairs again. He was utterly amazed his poor abused bladder had held out that long.

He took a few deep breaths to steady himself before opening his bedroom door quietly not wanting to alert his mom that something was wrong in case she was still downstairs. He looked around outside his room and saw his mother wasn't present. He was holding himself constantly and bouncing slightly to keep it all contained.

He had to get to the kitchen sink. If he wet he'd have to shower with that thing. If he couldn't go to the bathroom to use the toilet he definitely couldn't shower. Sunny quickly and quietly made his way downstairs.

He peered into the living room which was also thankfully empty. He proceeded to the kitchen his urge getting much worse as soon as he was near the sink.

Sunny spurted a little as he pulled himself up onto the counter. He scrambled to get his now damp pants down and moaned quietly as he started his stream.

It splattered loudly against the metal of the sink. The pain eased after a moment and Sunny started crying again. He was peeing in the sink because he couldn't go in the bathroom. He couldn't live like this. He had to get over this. That thing would just follow him elsewhere if he didn't go back. It wanted him.

Sunny took a few deep breaths and wiped his eyes with his free hand. He looked away from the sink feeling disgust as he continued to empty his bladder. He didn't have a choice though.

It was in the sink or wherever he happened to be standing if he couldn't get over his anxiety. He'd use a public bathroom but he could run into someone he knew if he went outside. He knew Kel and Hero were worried but he couldn't stand the thought of seeing them after everything that had happened.

Sunny's stream finally tapered off and the boy gave a quiet sigh of relief. He put himself away and ran the sink to rinse away any evidence of his shame before hopping off the counter.

He was glad his mother had left when she did. He stared at the sink for a few minutes before sighing and turning off the water. Exhausted, he made his way back upstairs and laid down in his bed to try and fall back into a restless sleep.

*002*2021-10-13 00:19

{{19 minutes ago, Alex62 said:

Great story!! Glad to see another about Sunny!!

}}

I think this one is a one shot added another chapter to the cabin story. Planning a full wetting in the chapter I'm writing now.

