April and Anne’s desperation (Parks and Rec Fic)

Author: Edward45

*000*2025-07-08 01:13

Her cheeks clenched like iron gates; her eyes were staring, as ever, stoically into the the distance. April Ludgate could not deny the truth: she needed the bathroom. But that would not stop her trying to hold it. She could think of nothing worse than admitting to her urges and yet it was starting to feel like the only possible outcome. The fullness in her stomach had gone from annoying to uncomfortable to painful - now it was almost frightening. The only mild relief from the pressure had been those increasingly common leaks of gas that had slipped out when she'd been unable to hold them back. She had never felt desperation like this before.

The only thing that made her feel a tiny bit better was that Anne Perkins obviously needed to go very badly as well. The antithesis of April, when Anne needed to go it was written all over her body language. She squirmed subtly with each step. It looked like it was mostly her bladder that was troubling the older woman (though there was no way of knowing for sure). But Anne was a nurse through and through, accustomed to situations in which the nearest toilet was so close and yet so very far away.

That was the situation that these two women - and only these two - found themselves in today. They had arrived to work that morning to find that not one of the bathrooms in City Hall was in working order ("Some plumbing issue," they had been told upon arrival.) Andy was home with some stomach flu, Tom was on vacation and most of the rest of the Parks and Recreation department were around the city on various meetings and engagements. Anywhere else, a government building with no functional bathrooms would have been declared unfit for work and closed for the day. Not so in Pawnee, Indiana.

April leaned against the wall to help put pressure on her ass and pretended to stare at her phone, trying to will the last few hours of the day to pass faster. Of course, going home to use the bathroom was an option for both women. April wouldn't even consider it. If she walked out for an hour and returned looking relieved, Anne would know. She would know that her colleague couldn't hold it as long as Anne. That thought was almost as untenable to April as the thought of actually having an accident.

They had been playing that prideful game of cat-and-mouse for what felt like the whole day when Anne became the first to finally acknowledge it. Of course she would be.

"You okay, April? You've been quiet today. Quieter than usual, I mean," said the nurse, lending a fake smile and even faker relaxed pose, "and you seem a little uncomfortable."

April didn't meet the other woman's gaze. "I could say the same about you," she shot back evenly.

"Okay, sorry I asked." Anne raised her hands apologetically... but she clearly knew what was wrong.

After a few minutes had passed, when she thought Anne was no longer looking, April crossed one leg over the other to see if it would help at all. It didn't. Anne's own legs had been crossing for hours, and April thought that maybe Anne - being a nurse - might have some expert insight into how to make holding a little easier. No such luck. If anything, it made the solid mass inside of her seem to slide a little closer to her entrance. She wondered if maybe leg-crossing was only good for pee, not turds that had been cooking for nearly four days.

By the time the sun was hanging low in the sky, the pressure in April's gut was unbearable - even the half-hour until she could go home now felt impossible, and even if she survived that wait there was no guarantee she could last the journey home. Her farts had all been silent (or at least too quiet for anyone else to hear), but by now they undeniably stunk up the department. Anne was faring no better; the woman jiggled and bounced constantly and April knew that Anne was holding herself under the desk when she thought nobody was looking.

The next time that Anne asked her colleague if she felt ok, even April Ludgate - a woman who hated people knowing anything about her feelings - was too desperate to care about hiding it anymore.

"Fine," she said, as deadpan as she could manage in a quavering voice, "yeah, I need to go, whatever. Why do you care?"

Anne sighed exasperatedly. "April, come on! I clearly really have to go too. Why didn't you just admit that hours ago so we could have gone home at lunch?"

"It's no big deal, I can hold it," lied April.

Anne's eyes narrowed in anger. "So can I, then." Another lie. "Might as well be honest with each other. You have to pee?"

A long pause. April looked away. "No. You?"

"Both things," admitted Anne. "You're sweating."

"I'm fine," April said again, firmly.

"And the whole department smells suspicious. And it wasn't me."

April felt her face flush deeper than it ever had before. "I can't help it," she mumbled, barely audible.

"What was that?" teased Anne, clearly starting to enjoy the chance to embarrass April despite her own desperation. "I didn't catch that."

"I said I can't help it!" April would've been furious if she wasn't on the verge of an accident, "I haven't gone to the bathroom in days."

As soon as she heard that, Anne dropped all pretence of having fun. "How many days?"

"I don't know." April rolled her eyes. "Three, four?"

"April, that's really not good for you. You need to go!"

"You think I don't know that?" Her stomach convulsed one last time and she knew the fight was over. Trying in vain to claw back one last bit of pride, she said, as nonchalantly as she could possibly manage: "Whatever. It's coming out now anyway."

"Wait, seriously?" Anne said in disbelief.

April didn't - couldn't - respond. Her mind lost the battle with her bowels. She turned to lean against the wall as if burying her head would mean this wasn't happening. The uncontrollable urge to push overcame her. Her hole finally opened up. Out of it slid the thickest log she had ever produced. Then came another, smaller, and a third, smaller still. After each piece of poop escaped, her butt would clench back up again, but only for a brief instant before she once again lost control. If the shame hadn't been so painful, the relief almost would have been worth it. That was how April Ludgate came to shit her pants in the lobby of the Parks and Recreation department.

When the worst minute of her life was over, and she finally felt somewhat in control of her stomach again, she knew the only option was to turn and flee, quit her job over email and move out of the state. She planned to run from the building without making eye contact with a single other soul. Running with this huge and heavy mess in her underwear wouldn't be easy, but it was her only option.

However, April turned to see that Anne Perkins had moved. She was standing in front of her desk now rather than sitting behind it. And April saw at once that her colleague's work pants were soaking wet. A dark patch ran from the woman's crotch all the way to her knees - it even grew as April watched in shock and horror, lengthening to the nurse's ankles and finally forming a puddle on the floor. The flow kept going for even longer than April's accident had been. She'd never known a woman could urinate for so long.

For once April was speechless. Eventually her mouth produced the only thing that came to mind. "You peed your pants," she said breathlessly."

Anne smiled and nodded quickly. "And that's not all," she said, spinning around on the spot like a ballet dancer. April's jaw fell open at the sight of a huge bulge in the seat of Anne's work pants, hanging heavily there, almost as big as April's mess. "See? Accidents happen. And this can be our secret, okay? Now you know I won't tell anyone about what you did, as long as you don't tell anyone about what I did."

For the first time all day, the tiniest hint of a smile flickered across April's face. By her standards it was practically a grin. "You just pissed and shit your pants to make me feel better."

"Well, no," Anne confessed, "I really had to go, and I probably would not have made it to the bathroom in time... But you 'shit your pants' first and 'making you feel better' gave me a good excuse."

"You're such a dork," April said with a snort of a laugh. It had worked, though; she did undeniably feel better.

There was even a hint of affection in Anne's voice when she said: "So are you. Now do you know where Leslie keeps the mop and bucket?"

