Jenny's challenge

Author: eeeeeeeeeeeeer

*000*2023-05-01 09:34

Jenny and Sofie were hanging out in Jenny's room when Jenny suddenly brought up a challenge she had heard about. She explained to Sofie that it involved seeing how long she could hold her bladder after 2 liters of water without going to the bathroom. Sofie looked at her friend with a mix of confusion and concern, wondering why anyone would want to do such a thing.

Jenny went on to explain that she had heard about the challenge from some friends at school and wanted to try it out for herself. However, as the minutes ticked by, Jenny began to feel the pressure in her bladder growing stronger, as if the weight of the ocean was pressing on her bladder. She shifted her weight from one foot to the other, trying to find a more comfortable position before sitting down. She squeezed her legs together, hoping to hold it in.

Sofie watched as her friend struggled to hold on, feeling sympathetic for her. She asked Jenny what she needed her to do, and Jenny said "Just time me," she said. "I'm going to see how long I can hold it. if its not over 2 hours there has to be a punishment"

Sofie watched the stopwatch, and Jenny took a deep breath, trying to relax her muscles. She focused on the ticking of the clock and the sound of her own breathing. She tried to distract herself by thinking about the basketball game and how proud she was of her team for winning.

As the seconds ticked by, Jenny felt the pressure in her bladder growing stronger. She knew she couldn't hold on much longer, but she didn't want to give up. Finally, after what felt like an eternity, Jenny couldn't hold it any longer. She ran to the bathroom and slammed the door shut. Sofie heard the sound of rushing water and knew that Jenny had lost the challenge.

When Jenny emerged from the bathroom, she looked defeated. "I couldn't do it," she said. "I had to go."

Sofie gave her a sympathetic pat on the back. "Only an hour thirty but it's okay," she said. "You did your best."

Jenny sighed. "I know, but now I have to face the punishment."

Sofie grinned mischievously. "Well, we'll just have to find some creative solutions then, won't we?"

But as Sofie sat there, brainstorming Jenny's punishment, Sofie couldn't help but wonder why anyone would willingly put themselves through such discomfort and embarrassment. She decided to ask Jenny about it.

"Why did you want to do this challenge in the first place?" Sofie asked.

Jenny shrugged. "I don't know. I guess I just wanted to see if I could do it. And it sounded like a fun challenge."

"Your parents are gone for a week right?"

"Two weeks actually "

"I have an idea for a punishment"

I may make more if this is popular enough. I plan for this to have a lot of wetting if but who knows my mind might change.

(most of the first part made by ai)

*003*2023-05-06 02:57

Damn kinda surprised it is liked this much if possible could you guys help think of a punishment I was thinking Sofie could control Jennys bladder for a week but that's kinda basic. I will try to add to this every Saturday and y'all can help a lot because this is my first story. I will be writing tomorrow night.

*005*2023-05-06 06:05

{{1 hour ago, Luna said:

My niche punishment would be challenging Jenny to wear multiple layers of inconvenient clothing like leotards/one piece swimsuits, jumpsuits and overalls.

}}

That could be interesting, it could easy fit in somewhere thanks for the idea.

*006*2023-05-07 03:39

I'm so sorry but I'm not going to be able to update today.

*007*2023-05-14 04:08

I'm not going to update this my bf just broke up with me and i don't have the mental capacity to complete it sorry if anyone else wants to write go for it

*009*2023-05-27 03:18

Im going to try writing more in an attempt to get over him no idea when i will post it

*012*2023-05-28 04:19

I want you guys to know I am working on next chapter right now and I will share each chapters name im planning to add these might change later.

1. Jennys challenge

2. The punishment

3. zipped locked and pocketed

4. its all about the layers

5. Boyfriend bladder boss

6. we?

7. dice day

8. Arrivals and altered archs

Feel free to post theory of what these could mean

Also I want to thank all of you guys for your support especially @GreenChile your comment made my day.

*013*2023-06-21 03:31

Chapter 2 The punishment part 1

"Good morning!" Was how Jenny woke up the next morning. Sofie was standing by the side of her bed with a huge smile on her face.

"So what is my punishment Sofie" Jenny says still waking up

"Well, I figured," her smile only growing "that because you are getting a punishment for peeing maybe it should be about it too, so I concluded your punishment shall be having to get permission from me before you pee."

"No thanks any other ideas?"

Sofies smile faded "This is a punishment is it not? So as your friend im choosing it."

"Ok fine, how long will this last?" Jenny said taken by surprise, Sofie never acts like this.

"I don't know somewhere between a day and a few weeks."

"Sofie, may I take my morning pee."

"After you make me breakfast."

So that's why Sofie woke me up, Jenny thought, she was hungry. Jenny got up and changed out of her pajamas, occasionally moving her legs back and forth due to her bladder being half full. She then walked out to the kitchen and asked Sofie what she wanted to eat, to which Sofie replied "Three eggs, scrambled please." Jenny cracked a few eggs and served them to Sofie before sitting down to eat herself.

"Where is my drink" Sofie asked

"What do you want" grumbled Jenny

"Why don't you grab those big bottles you have up there and fill them both for us"

Jenny took them and started filling them with water but her bladder spasmed at the sound, forcing her to cross her legs.

"Thank you Jenny," Sofie said "now eat you breakfast," she paused "That includes the water by the way"

