Story Ideas for An Original Omo story!

Author: EasyPezePhoebe

*000*2022-03-26 22:25

Hey everyone! After a lot of consideration, I’ve finally decided to make my first original story! But I am a bit stuck on the plot, but I did have some scenarios that would play out depending on which genre it’s set in.

The main ideas I had were a sort of modern day college/university story, a post apocalypse story, or a magic/fantasy story! But I’d love to hear more ideas!

*004*2022-03-26 23:09

{{9 minutes ago, LifeIsStrange said:

I actually have an idea for a college story taking place at MIT, there's a hallway on the second floor of building 9 that's supposed to connect to building 7 but instead is just a dead end: https://www.flickr.com/photos/toasty/3584188972

So I was thinking that would make for an interesting story where a desperate woman frantically tries searching for a bathroom only to run into that dead end and unable to hold it any longer decides to squat and pee right there in the hallway.

How does that sound?

}}

That could actually be really interesting, and I personally think I’m pretty good at writing desperation stories, so it means there could be a massive build up to it!

{{31 minutes ago, SpaceWonderer said:

I'd love to read post apocalypse original story. There's certainly not enough of those!

}}

I really want to do one of these and I have so many scenarios that could play out in terms of desperation and accidents and such, it’s just such an unexplored goldmine of omo material!

{{28 minutes ago, Roronoa Zoro said:

I'd like to read a magical/fantasy Omarashi type story

}}

Will definitely have to give this a shot, like the apocalypse story, there’s so many omo scenarios that could come from this!

*006*2022-03-27 00:15

{{26 minutes ago, Roronoa Zoro said:

And for the magical fantasy setting omarashi story I'm thinking since it's you know magical .There could be a a spell that'll probably know help them hold their pee but it only lasts for a short time. and if they don't get to they don't get to the bathroom and that time frame. The drawback Of using that spell could be making themaking them need to be even more than they did when they 1st used the spell.

}}

Omg that could actually be so interesting, if I do it, I’d probably have it play into possibly Harry Potter or such, before I do the original story, I still want to get hermoine and a few other characters out of the way.

*010*2022-03-27 09:44

{{8 hours ago, Joy999 said:

I'd like to see what shenanigans would go down in a hogwarts setting (please include luna)

}}

Oh definitely, honestly coming from a huge Harry Potter fan anyway, Luna and hermoine were my favourite characters

{{5 hours ago, HissGenerator said:

If you go the college/university route, a suggestion would be ‘presentation desperation’: it could either be accidental or purposeful.

The accidental would be something like having had drunk too much of something, but was preoccupied with finishing the presentation that was procrastinated until just before the moment of presenting.

The purposeful would be someone who has a desperation, diaper wetting kink, wearing spandex and a skirt. They present their presentation while fighting their desperation. But because it’s in front of everyone, so they can’t show that they’re desperate, as if everything is normal. And while presenting they release bursts in increments, etc.

}}

That could actually be really interesting, I’d probably go the more accidental way as I feel I write those stories better than purposeful ones.

