Mother and Daughter on the bus

Author: ehr100

*000*2017-02-25 12:49

A story of fiction.

Ruth and her daughter Annie were travelling to town on the public bus. The bus journey would usually take about 20 minutes but this day a major traffic delay made it twice as long. Ruth and Annie liked travelling at the back of the bus,and they made their way through the busy bus to the back seat. Ruth (the mother) was wearing a blue top and a floral dress ,under which she wore some red panties.

Ruth had drunk almost double the amount of coffee as she usually would as she would be out all day. After a few minutes on the bus Ruth was squirming and she knew she should have not had that second cup. Her daughter sat next to her and was chatting to her mum. The traffic problems in town made Ruth's bladder groan under the strain. Suddenly the bus went over a pot hole and a squirt of piss was released into Ruth's panties.

Trying to hide her prdicament of her overfilled bladder Ruth carried on talking to her daughter as normal. The traffic was now at a standstill and the bus had not moved for a few minutes. The pressure was a little too much for Ruth and she had to release some more piss into her panties to ease the pressure. Ruth fell silent as her daughter Annie recieved a phone call on her cellphone.

The bus had not moved since the last release of piss. Ruth certainly tried really hard not to wet herself,especailly in front of her daughter. The intense pain made Ruth sweat a little,but this was un-noticable. Then just as Ruth could not take it any longer,the bus jolted and moved. That was it she just flooded her panties as the bus pulled away. At first a trickle and then a flood. The pressure was released and soon started to spread around her and around the seat and onto the floor. Her daughter still chatting on her cellphone was unaware of her mum pissing right next to her.

The piss puddle under her was spreading into where her daughter was sitting. Ruth started to shift a little in her seat as she did no want to draw attention to her daughter-but it was too late. The bus turned a corner and her piss puddle was heading towards Annie where she was sitting. Ruth had noticed the puddle was just lapping around her daughters skirt making it a little wet on her side. Annie still on her phone did not even notice the wetness and indeed where it had spilt on the floor and now heading as a stream of piss down the bus.

Ruth now was soaked completely, her panties soaked and her floral dress, although drenched in her piss was not noticable with the wetness. Her eyes still transfixed on her daughter made a naughty thought in her. She had pissed herself in front of her daughter and now unaware that her daughter was sat in her mothers piss puddle. How could she not notice thought Ruth as her naughty thought continued. The bus journey was coming to an end and by now the puddle had all drained away over the floor of the bus. Both Annie and Ruth left the seat and Annie was unaware the side of her skirt was wet with her mum's piss.

*002*2017-02-25 20:32

Following on from mum's wetting,Annie and Ruth went to the cinema after finishing shopping. They had been out all day and drank quite a bit of coffee. As they took their seats in the cinema, Annie drank a coke while Ruth had some Orange soda. The movie was nearly 2 hours long and it was quite a scary film, Annie had organised through her phone call on the bus to meet up with one of her friends and watched the movie along with her and her mum.

As the movie progressed it was quite an intense thriller in places. Annie had not gone to the bathroom all day and was so enjoying the movie that she decided to wait until the movie had finished. I guess that during one part of the movie it got a little too scary and Annie gave a yelp as she started to wet her knickers. She managed only to spill a little in her panties,and held on for as long as she could. Ruth also wanted to go to the bathroom but like her daughter did not want to miss the film. Her panties still wet from her accident on the bus made her want to go again.

The next part of the movie was quite intense as the movie made in on its climax so did Annies bladder. Again a small flood into her panties as she sat there hoping that her friend and mum would not hear the hissing sound. Soon she lost all control and her skirt got soaked. Her piss came rushing through and onto the floor. As it was dark fortunately the puddle could not be seen.

Now Ruth had to go again and knowing that she got away with it last time flooded her knickers once again. And more piss rushed onto the floor. The puddle now joined with her daughters puddle now mixed together and heading toward her friends feet. Annies friend did not feel the wetness around her shoes but unbeknown to her, her shoes were right in that piss puddle.

When the movie had finished although both Annie's skirt and Ruth's dress were drenched with piss, they left the seats and did not notice the puddle thankfully. So both mother and daughter did not know that each other had wet themselves. All three had walked out of the cinema and headed back to the bus station for the journey home. Fortunately the dress and the skirt never showed up the pee marks or smell.

