Lena's Intentional Hold

Author: essentialred

*000*2020-04-18 19:27

(This is my first story, let me know what you think about it!)

Slowly stirring awake, Lena reached her arm over towards her nightstand, picking up her phone. She rubbed her eyes as she glanced at the time that was on her phone screen. The large numbers read: "11:32." Taking the cue that it was now time to get up, Lena slid out of her bed, still a bit groggy. She shuffled her feet to the nearby bathroom, and glanced at herself in the mirror. Upon first glance, she noticed how messy her normally straight blonde hair was. She sighed softly, knowing that she would have to clean herself up after her long sleep,

After checking her appearance in the mirror, Lena made her way to the toilet, where she relieved herself, letting her bladder's contents pour out into the toilet. She made her way out of the toilet, she walked back to the mirror, a slight grin appearing on her face. "And that'll be the last time I do that for a while..." She thought to herself as she started to get ready for that day's activities.

Lena hopped into the shower, washing her body and hair down, before exiting a few minutes later. She soon changed into her outfit that she had preplanned out the day before. She put a pair of blue skinny jeans on, with a light t-shirt to compliment it. She also grabbed a light jacket, to complete her outfit. With her clothing all set, Lena reached underneath her bed and pulled out a small shopping bag. She reached into the bag and pulled out a small chain and a padlock.

Looping the chain through the belt loops of her jeans, Lena soon secured the chain with a padlock, placed in front of her. She tugged at her jeans a few times, ensuring that she would not be able to remove them without removing the padlock. "Just like the video...I won't be able to unlock my jeans until I return home...but by then I should have a nice and full bladder." She grinned to herself, taking a few brief seconds to admire her handiwork. She adjusted her shirt so that it would cover the top of her jeans, before putting on the light jacket. Lena reached into the bag and pulled out the key to the padlock, placing it on her nightstand, when she was to return back to her place.

Grabbing her purse and student ID, Lena was about to leave when she realized she forgot one thing. She made her way back into the small kitchen, grabbing a water bottle for the trip. She opened the cap and took a few sips before leaving her small off campus house. By this time, most students were out and about, and she hardly saw anyone on the walk down to the bus stop. She took a seat, sipping from her water bottle occasionally as she waited for the city bus to arrive.

She pulled out her phone and glanced at the time, knowing that it was important that she arrive at her destination at a certain time. "Good...it's just past noon...I have an hour or so before the movie starts..." She thought to herself as the sound of an engine soon grabbed Lena's attention. The bus slowly pulled up to the stop and she slowly got on, flashing her student ID to the driver who nodded his head. She took a seat at the middle of the bus, as it departed from the stop.

As it drove, Lena glanced out the window, watching the facade of the university buildings disappear, only to be replaced with an endless stream of suburban housing. As she watched, Lena constantly sipped from her water bottle, before finishing it halfway into the ride. The bus continued to drive around the city, making occasional stops, before arriving at a massive shopping mall on the outskirts of the town. Upon stopping, Lena soon exited the bus, disposing of her water bottle in a nearby recycling bin. She smiled to herself briefly, checking her phone for the time yet again. "I have about 30 minutes until the movie starts...I should have enough time..." She pondered to herself, before entering into the expansive building.

Lena hastily walked to the central part of the mall where the food court was. It was a big central area, with a variety of different restaurants that dotted the perimeter. On this particular day, Lena was more interested in the small coffee stand that sat in the middle, and was usually quite popular. However, today seemed to be a bit more of a slow day, and there was no line at all. In the span of a few minutes, Lena found herself holding a medium sized cup of coffee which she promptly began to sip on as she strolled through the mall.

After a brief walk through the massive complex, Lena soon found herself staring at the entrance to the movie theater, that was one of the main attractions for the mall. She started to enter before a worker called out to her. "Ma'am...we don't allow any outside beverages in..." He announced in a stern tone. Glancing down, Lena realized that she still had her cup of coffee in, and still had around a quarter of it left. "I can't let any of this go to waste..." She smirked to herself before quickly downing the rest of the beverage, before entering into the theater.

Lena reached into the purse and pulled out her movie ticket that she printed the night before. She gave it to the usher who promptly let her in. Before heading off to the particular theater, she decided to purchase yet another drink. By this time, Lena could already feel a slight ping in her bladder, as the water from earlier started to trickle its way into her bladder. Even if she wanted to, there was no way she would be able to relieve herself, but Lena had absolutely no desire to relieve herself with such an empty bladder. Having to hold in public was much more exciting than doing so alone, and she was not about to make her hold any easier.

Walking up to the concession stand, Lena ordered a medium sized soda and a bag of popcorn as well. Knowing how large the sizes were, she wanted to ensure that she would be able to finish the drink, but not have to rush and get sick. Within a minute or two, Lena had her drink and snack and she made her way to the theater. Having bought a seat at the back of the theater, Lena had very few people to deal with. Furthermore, the movie had already been out for a few weeks, and the theater itself was fairly empty. However, it wasn't the movie that she was particularly interested in, it was simply a psychological horror movie that got fairly mediocre reviews, but Lena was more interested in the concept of being surprised, and she wanted to see how she would react.

After the previews, the movie began, and Lena was entirely focused in on the screen, hardly noticing how much she drank from her soda. Within the span of an hour, Lena had consumed almost a liter of fluid, which was now filling up her bladder. The movie continued to progress, with much of the expositional dialogue from the movie's characters continuing on and on. It seemed quite boring up until a particular point, and Lena jumped up in her seat for the first time, genuinely caught off guard by the sudden jump scare. It was at this moment when Lena realized how full her bladder was.

Each time Lena shifted around, it felt like there were weights attached to her bladder, she could feel the immense pressure that was building up within her. She pressed her hands up against her jeans, feeling her bladder bulge out, only to be restrained by the waistline of her jeans. She crossed her legs, trying to remain comfortable, but it was clear to Lena that her bladder was screaming for relief, yet she did not intend to provide any. Despite the immense pressure, Lena was loving every minute of her hold. She had a feeling of exhilaration that she never felt before, having to hold her bladder or wet herself in public, without any opportunity for relief.

Lena subtly lifted her shirt, rubbing her hand across her lower abdomen, where her bladder was located. All that she could feel was a rock hard bulge, and she quickly soothed it by rubbing it discreetly, which was quite easy in the darkness of the theater. She continued to attempt to ease her full bladder with her hand as she watched the film.

The movie continued its reliance on jump scares, and Lena shifted around uncomfortably, trying not to wet herself. With each scare, she felt immense pressure rush through her bladder as she jumped in her seat. Her bladder was aching and pounding, desperately begging for it to be released, without regard to where it was done. At this point Lena was unsure whether or not she would be able to make it home without an accident, but luckily enough the movie ended and the lights of the theater flickered on.

As soon as she stood up, a tugging sensation rippled through Lena's body, as the sudden movement nearly caused her to leak out. "That was close..." She muttered softly to herself as she glanced down at her pants. Her lower abdomen was bulging out fairly noticeably now, causing her to cover up with her jacket. It didn't help that the waistline of the jeans was pressed directly against her expanding bulge. It took a few moments for her to collect herself, but Lena managed to bring her aching bladder under control as she soon departed the theater, taking small steps as she did so.

Lena gingerly made her way through the mall, doing her best to appear inconspicuous, her jacket covering up the bulge underneath her shirt. With each step, the pressure of her bladder increased, begging and screaming for release. She passed by several bathrooms on the way out, and the idea of being able to release made Lena almost wet herself, forcing herself to duck down and jam her hands against the front of her jeans. She took several deep breaths to recollect herself, before adjusting her jacket and exiting the mall.

Once she was out, Lena was greeted by a rush of cool air, which caused her bladder to twinge even more. She sat down at the bus stop, crossing her legs and tapping her foot somewhat nervously. She tried her best to appear nonchalant, but it was clear to the average person that she was having a problem. An older woman noticed Lena appearing anxious and turned towards her.

"Is there something wrong?" The older woman asked, turning towards Lena with a curious gaze.

"Just a little eager to return home, that's all." Lena responded in a friendly tone, even though she had bigger problems to worry about.

"If you need to use the bathroom, they're in the mall, there will always be another bus." The woman suggested, motioning back towards the entryway of the building.

"No, I'm fine, thank you very much though." Lena lied, before turning her attention towards the arriving bus. It soon pulled up to the bus stop and the waiting passengers entered in.

Lena took a seat at the back of the bus, and attempted to pass the time by glancing out the windows as the bus drove along. However, unlike before, it felt that the bus was moving in amber. Every stop seemed to take an eternity, and she could feel every pothole, speed bump, and sharp turn that the bus made. With each little bump, the bus jostled around, and Lena had no choice but to soothe her aching bladder, hoping that she wouldn't wet herself on the bus. She took deep breaths, trying to compose herself as best as possible, but she could tell that her bladder muscles were beginning to weaken after over an hour of holding a full bladder.

Right when she was sure she was going to wet herself, Lena saw the familiar facade of the university roll around. The bus stopped and she quickly departed, quickly walking down the street at a rapid pace. She reached into her purse, and pulled out her house key, ready to unlock the door when she arrived at her house. Lena quickly turned off of the sidewalk, cutting across the grass and towards the front door. She quickly turned the key and entered in, locking the door behind her.

As soon as Lena entered into her house, she breathed an immense sigh of relief. She had managed to make it back to her home without having an accident, and had an exhilarating time holding her full bladder. "I want to keep on holding even more...it's such a shame that I'll have to go pee now..." She remarked to herself, knowing that her bladder muscles were quite fatigued now and would likely give in any second. She gingerly made her way up to the bedroom and found the padlock key right where she placed it, on her nightstand. Lena picked up her shirt and unlocked the padlock, yanking the chain off of her jeans.

Lena made her way to the bathroom where she unzipped her jeans and sat down on the toilet. She rubbed her large bulge one last time before her bladder fully released itself, a torrential stream into the toilet, with the sound of her pee hitting the water filling up the room. Lena breathed an immense sigh as she emptied her aching bladder, allowing it the relief that it craved for hours. She was on the toilet for nearly two minutes, before her bladder was fully empty. She cleaned herself up and departed the toilet, heading to the mirror. She grinned eagerly, having experienced the most exciting day in a long time...

