Dystopia - A True Gentleman - Page 3

Author: eucoloco

*000*2025-02-26 21:16

{{20 hours ago, eucoloco said:

First of all, thanks. My first thing in omo is posting some media aand stuff of myself (only myself ofc), but I decided giving it a go for writing as I love reading these so much and good omo specially male is so rare to come by.

As a good story should be for my taste, John and Bill might have quite some happy moments together and other characters too, and a lot of painful bladder's horny moments too ofc, but at times the story might have some deep, inappropriate or twisted stuff. Please never get dissapointed and give me a vote of trust, that everything is gonna turn out great in the end.

Btw, If u wanna dm me about plot ideas or others, I love chatting etc

And If u wanna share some plot ideas here it's cool too.

Thanks again.

I'll try my best to post the next chapters.

}}

Thanks for responding so quickly to my comment. Looking forward to reading more of your story as soon as I have time as I noticed you posted a new chapter :D

*001*2025-02-27 05:10

**************

Author's brief note: And that's a twist in the story, then I'm planning on next chapters really expand the imagination stretching things a bit too much, not only the bladders, and then resolve this issue about John's yet new promotion applicance expectation and other upcoming issues, of course.

**************

CHAPTER 18 - THE GOLF COURSE

It was just another normal day at work, in Brahe City, for Mr. Vanderluss, the Director of Logistics, a.k.a. John, had an early start, lunch with clients, dozens of e-mails, he was reviewing the second big report of the day and already had one button of his shirt open as the clock ticked 5pm.

"One big frapuccino for you and and one for me." Bill said, with that unmistakable big smile, that matched his chiseled jaw, entering in John's office, as a lock in the front part of his hair would just fluff and fall a bit over his right eye. John couldn't help noticing that, in that afternoon, Bill had his 'good silk white shirt and tight black pants matching a so nice belt, that paired with Bill's shiny shoes.

"So daring you are, huh." John replied, taking his focus off of the screen for a moment, as Bill had this magnet in his aura, and well, those were the good frapuccinos, and with that John took a sip, as he crossed his legs behind his desk.

Bill sat on the chair across from John's desk, took a sip of his own cold icy frapuccino as well and crossed his legs, resting a hand on his thigh. "It's just that I'm calling it a day".

"Hey, wait for me. Tonight here's the pre season comments about the Jets... that good sports commentator, football specialist, from the capital, is gonna be at the local 8pm program..." John trailed off. "...and if I wanna get it on time, I really could use a hand... for the last report of the day..." John said, scratching his hair behind his head, with his right hand, as he was flexing his big bicep, even under his white working - tight - shirt. How could Bill say no.

"My place then." is all that Bill could reply.

As they arrived at Bill's place, just before 8pm he and John both commented that they were not actually hungry, so Bill settled snacks and beer.

John knew he should not take beer, after some good 12 hours far from his 'comfort' at home, he body was clearly sending him signs that it was time for freshing up at home. Besides, if Bill went to... even a quick freshing up that did not involve a shower nor anything, John could excuse himself to go right after him... but, no, John just dismissed that thought... for the time being.

On the other hand, John told to himself that, of course he could not remember with clarity what he had been up to on his last two buzzes, but a little voice, with a pitch higher than expected, a little desperate to use to comfort room, told him that he maybe needed one beer to use as exc.. I mean, to get a new buzz and that, for a reason he did not recall, it should be fun. "Ok, only one, bud." he replied to Bill and took the can.

Bill took his own can of beer and he was sitting on the couch. His left knee was not touching John's left knee because Bill was restless, sitting, waiting for the sports commentarist to start his part on TV.

"Have you heard about the new promotion position that the board is about to open...?" Bill asked, putting his beer can on a side table, beside the couch and putting his both hands in between his thighs.

"Yeah." John replied. "Do you mind?" John said, after a big gulp of his beer can, and slowly opened the buttons of his white t-shirt and tossed it on the sofa back. Bill was staring. Maybe his pal was hot too, and tired, after a long day. Bill left his almost empty can on the other side table and moved slowly towards Bill to the first button of Bill's white silk shirt. John did not even ask Bill if he could. Yes, only one beer is enough, it must be the buzz, John concluded to himself, but didn't resume opening Bill's shirt buttons.

Bill had one hand actually pinching his... member through the fabric of his pants. As John took Bill's shirt off and tossed it on the sofa back, on the top of his own, he would give himself a reassuring squeeze, but he could notice that what was making Bill really uncomfortable, of course, was Bill's tight belt. He could not feel comfortable enough to bend over and untuck and remove Bill's belt. Well, so that, he thought to himself, he would remove his own belt, and even open his pants button and zipper.

Once he did it, it gave him free access to massge his own bulge over his briefs. It was not fair that only he had that, so he removed Bill's belt, opened Bill's pants button, to what Bill sighed. He noticed Bill did not automatically put his hands on his own briefs. It felt so good, John could not keep that to himself, Bill was his best pal, after all. So John ended up using his right hand to massage over his own briefs and his right hand to massage Bill's crotch over BIll's briefs fabric. Yes, that must've been the buzz again, although they both had drank only half a can of beer each.

"Are you tired of the day... how is my best pal, in general...?" John said and locked his gaze with Bill's. From the look in Bill's eyes, he already replied he was tired. So, John just gestured with his right hand and BIll rested his hand on John's hair chest, as John was massaging both of their crotches, he got them at that time, all the sphincters would be shut and briefs would remain dry for even longer.

"Sorry to ask so bluntly, blame the buzz..." John started. "But, aren't you gonig to 'freshen up' and then it gets politely offered for me to do the same... i kind of need it...".

"Mmm... I don't want to lose to you, yet, again." Bill replied, putting his own hand on the top of John's hand on his own crotch, and grunted.

John grunted himself and squeezed his own crotch even harder. "Mm.. it could take long."

Bill got his head off of John's chest, looked directly in his eyes. "So, we should go at the same time, this way no one loses." and finished with a light chuckle, because even with the buzz to blame, had him pushed it too far, he would dismiss it as a joke.

John pondered whether it was a joke or it was serious, but he was feeling too much pressure to dismiss the opportunity. Both of them lightly stood up, crossed their legs, kind of not exaggerating it, as they had to ending of their self control, yet. John adjusted himself 'really well' and Bill was pinching his own crotch.

John still wanted to have the higher ground, besides, Bill could not have the other way around, it was clear from his body language. Bill stood by the toilet bowl and took his manhood out. John quickly got behind him and with a light motion, replaced Bill's hand with his own right hand on Bill's penis, aiming that strong jet that lasted over a minute straight, as he had his other hand massaging his crotch, while being so deliciously tortured. After that, Bill did not need to be told to switch positions, and John, surely didn't have to be told twice to wipe his member out and start a much needed, supressed, forceful jet of piss.

**************

On that weekend, John and Bill were invited to join Mr. Wealty, Mr. Truss and most of the members of the company board for a golf match at Mr. Wealty's contryside property, that was actually only a bit more than one hour from the city.

As expected John arrived at the golf course with his best golf clothes, beige khakis, white polo t-shirt and his golf clubs in his golf clubs leather backpack, and his wife along with him, to join the other ladies to the social event. Linda and the other ladies would mostly show how clumsy they were with the golf clubs, although the gentleman would applaud their bad attemps, they would chuckle, and that would last only ten minutes, and they would go to the main house to their own chat and activities.

At some point there were only five men in the play, including John, Mr. Wealty and Mr. Truss, and two other members of the board. Linda and the other women were being great on bringing refreshements and snacks, but really, mostly water and drinks. There were only three holes left in the 18 holes course, but it was taking longer than expected, it was proving to be a really long match. That, of course, was a great opportunity to social interection and a very subtle and indirect form of self ad, as John would surely apply for the new promotion.

As John had been recently promoted from manager to director, he got access to The Gentlemen's Club, which proved to be a so pleasant experience. The new promotion and Director II, would not change his work itself, at the office, but usually the Directors II and III were appointed to be auxiliars at some specific functions at the temple, that, to be honest, John - nor any of those who were under ranked knew what it was about. As a Director III, maybe, he would get also a formal invitation to free access to the company's huge golf course, an extra inner function at the temple and at the office.

Bill was off of the match for quite some time but he did not leave. As they were trying the to make it with hole number 15, take the golf carts, yet again, and move to hole number 16, Bill was so kind to bring an extra drink to John.

John had the chance to chat a lot, and mention the promotion twice to blend it in the subject. He did not win the match, but it was a good thing it finished before dawn, with the light of the day.

As John and Linda were in the car, while John was driving on his way back home, he started driving the way home stoic, but after a while he had to massage his crotch to give some temporary relief to his burning sphincter as he was driving, but of course, Linda didn't seem to mind.

**************

On a normal week day, John got up from his desk and went looking for Bill. As he entered Bill's office, Bill wasn't there. He maybe was by the coffee machine, John thought to himself. But a spreadsheet was open on Bill's working computer screen and caught John's attention for one second: "Extra shift day, water offered to John - check -; energy drink - check. *** Observation: John gets 'away from the comfort room' one to two hours longer than me on average *** Vigil day, IMPORTANT, offering water to John every two hours, wine if he accepts it *** Golf course, offering John extra water and drinks *** IMPORTANT OBSERVATION, upcoming promotion". John did not have to roll the screen down, he had read enough, or at least quite some on Bill's computer screen, standing by Bill's desk.

John left the room before Bill got back, clentching his jaw, and pressing his fists on his sides, and at that time, it was not only because he was nursing a full bladder in the evening, at the end of another work shift, although there was not much to think over, John thought to himself, as John was already concluding his train of thought, after a quick tug on his crotch, that he would only have to decide how to confront Bill about it.

*003*2025-03-07 03:03

{{4 hours ago, WhatShouldISay said:

Lookong forward to this story continuing. The last chapter was a cliff hanger ish.

Thanks for writing

}}

Thanks for your consideration. Please feel free to give suggestions, chat or whatever.

Like I mentioned before, I decided to try some writing because sometimes that can 🔥 me like nothing else... when well written. I'm far from great but I try quality and plot not only "something happened and they wet".

Yeah thanks for noticing, I'm trying to write omo but also have a real Story going on. Desperation and a plot, I guess that's as good as it can get.

Thanks

