A strange new Experience in the royal courtyard

Author: Espor

*000*2024-10-19 13:16

Disclaimer: This story lingers in my head for a while. It is kind of inspired by a fantasy series I read, the main character actually keeps her name from the books, but I obviously changed things, so while inspired by the books series(maybe some will know which one) the story differs a lot, especially the personality of the royal princess of the small fantasy kingdom this happens. Actually, while in my headcanon this is kind of happening in a fantasy universe, for now, this story has no fantasy elements besides playing in a medieval-like enviroment, so I am struggling if I keep my "fantasy" tag.

However, this story is a little longer and it includes a complicated, abusive relationship at least in the past, but I will not go into that part too deeply. Also, there is no explicite sexuality ath this point. If there are people enjoying this, I might continue the story. Also a hint, I came up with the ideas myself, but had help by an AI for some descriptions, mimics etc. since I am already not too good with it in the first place(maybe partly because I am autistic) and also especially not in English which isn't my native language. I would love some honest feedback.

So without further redo, lets begin.

It is another day for Rachel in the Chamber of the Princess, having to serve heras her “playmate”. She has been here almost her entire concious life and can barely remember anything else. Being so close to a princess, people might think, she would have beautiful clothes, always enough to eat and countless other advantages. But her circumstances lead Princess Milly to become cruel in a cruel world. The Princess always used her to cool down her stress and to trap her to make herself feel less trapped. For a long time, cruelness was all, Rachel could see in Milly, but over time, she began to understand the pressure that led the girl with the same age as her, just 16 years, to how she became. She woke up early, only to find out there was a beautiful dress lying at her bed.

The dress is a dazzling combination of rich lavender and shimmering silver, the fabric draping elegantly and falling in soft cascades to the floor. It is adorned with intricate embroidery and delicate lace, making it a true work of art.

Why is it laying at her bed? Is that a mistake? Usually, the Princess chooses her wardrobe for the next day, and she always makes sure that Rachel doesn’t look pretty at all. Nobody should think, Rachel could be as or even more important than her. So what is this dress doing here, at Rachels bed? At a closer look, there are also matching undergarments.

The undergarments are made from smooth, silky fabric in the same lavender and silver color as the dress. Gentle lace accents add a touch of intricacy and elegance to the design.

This is clearly too pretty for her, but there are also no other clothes. The Princess seems to already be up, she is nowhere to be seen. So what is Rachel supposed to do?

Rachel's heart races as she stares at the beautiful dress, her mind whirling with confusion and a glimmer of hope. Could this be a mistake? Or perhaps... a test? She glances around nervously, half-expecting Princess Milly to burst in and accuse her of trying to steal royal garments.

But the chamber remains silent. With trembling hands, Rachel reaches out to touch the dress. The fabric feels like liquid silk beneath her fingers, so unlike the coarse servant's clothes she's accustomed to wearing. She bites her lip, torn between desire and fear.

Finally, driven by a mixture of curiosity and the lack of any other options, Rachel begins to change. She slips on the delicate undergarments, marveling at how they caress her skin. When she pulls the dress over her head, it settles around her like a lavender cloud, transforming her in an instant.

The next suprise is a whole phial of Orange juice right at her counter, it smells fresh and sunny, and Rachel is thirsty. Usually, she mostly gets water, sometimes in the past, Milly even forced her to drink muddy water that made her feel sick. But this Orange juice is clearly for her. It is actually a lot but she is also thirsty. Taken one sip, and feeling incredibly refreshed, she can’t control herself anymore and empties the bottle without taking breaths in between.

What a strange day- What game is the princess playing with her today? There was nothing implying these things to come today, no special ocassion, no announcement, Rachel can’t understand whats going on. Growing older, Milly lost some of her cruelty and especially became less unpredictable.But this - this just looks like a setup of some strange game, leading to some kind of bad situation for Rachel. But in the end, there is nothing she can do but to wait what this day holds for her.

She walks a few steps in this incredible dress and looks at herself in the Princesses mirror.

Rachel gasps softly as she sees her reflection. The girl staring back at her is almost unrecognizable - radiant, elegant, beautiful. The dress accentuates curves she didn't know she had, making her look older and more refined. For a moment, she allows herself to imagine a different life, one where she's not a servant but a lady of the court.

The sweet taste of orange juice still lingers on her tongue, a stark contrast to the usual bland fare she's accustomed to. As she admires her reflection, a sudden realization hits her - she drank the entire phial without thinking. The juice sits heavily in her bladder, and she shifts uncomfortably, knowing she'll need to relieve herself soon.

Just then, she hears footsteps approaching. Her heart leaps into her throat as the door swings open, revealing Princess Milly. The princess stops short, her face instantly freazing in a perfect look of utterly shock - except, it is not perfect. Rachel can instantly tell that Milly expected to find her like that, probably even waiting outside for this situation to occure. The Princess gasps, and for one second her face seems to almost blush a bit, almost looking like she is admiring Rachel, but a second later that look vanishes from her face, changing to clearly played anger.

"What do you think you're doing?" Princess Milly hisses, her voice dripping with venom. But Rachel notices a flicker of something else in her eyes - curiosity? Excitement?

"I... I'm sorry, Your Highness," Rachel stammers, suddenly acutely aware of how out of place she must look. "There were no other clothes, and I thought..."

"You thought you could play dress-up?" Milly interrupts, circling Rachel like a predator. "You thought you could pretend to be me?"

Rachel's bladder pulses urgently, the orange juice making its presence known. She squirms slightly, trying to maintain her composure. "No, Your Highness, I would never..."

Milly's hand shoots out, grabbing Rachel's wrist. "Come with me," she commands, dragging Rachel towards the door. "Let us take a nice little walk to the courtyard, let everyone know who is suddenly thinking that she became a Princess herself. “But-”, Rachel begins, while forcefully being dragged out of the room, having no other chance than following Milly.She doesn’t understand anything about the situation. Why does the Princess allow her to be seen like this when she showed anger before? Even if this is one of her strange trap games, what are her intentions? As the Princess was younger, she never let Rachel wear anything nearly as beautiful as this and now they are going to walk through the courtyard where everyone can see them? She was reminded of her bladder when Milly already opened the door and a gust of wind finds its way through the fabric.

As they step into the hallway, Rachel's heart pounds in her chest. The cool air sends shivers through her body, making her even more aware of her full bladder. She tries to slow her pace, hoping to delay their arrival at the courtyard, but Milly's grip on her wrist is unrelenting.

They pass servants and courtiers, all of whom stop and stare at the unusual sight. Rachel feels their eyes on her, a mixture of confusion and admiration. Some even whisper to each other, clearly wondering about her identity and her relationship to the princess.

"Your Highness," Rachel whispers urgently, "please, I need to... I mean, may I use the facilities before we-"

"Silence," Milly snaps, but there's an odd glint in her eye. "You wanted to play princess, didn't you? Well, princesses don't complain about such ordinary things. I never did after I turned ten. Now come with me.” Her voice suddenly turns sweet. “It is such a beautiful sunny day!” And with that, they burst into the sunlit courtyard, and Rachel blinks against the sudden brightness. The garden is bustling with activity - courtiers strolling arm-in-arm, guards standing at attention, servants hurrying about their tasks. All eyes turn to the princess and her strangely-attired companion.

Rachel's cheeks burn as she feels the weight of everyone's stares. The lavender dress suddenly feels like a beacon, drawing attention she's never experienced before. She tries to stand tall and graceful like Milly, but her bladder throbs insistently, making her want to curl in on herself.

Milly, seeming to revel in the attention, begins to parade Rachel around the courtyard. "Isn't it a lovely day for a stroll?" she calls out cheerfully to a group of noblewomen, who curtsy and murmur agreement, their eyes never leaving Rachel.

As they pass a ornate fountain, the sound of splashing water makes Rachel whimper softly. She presses her thighs together, trying desperately to hold on. Milly notices and smirks, leading them closer to the fountain.

"You look flushed, dear Rachel," Milly says in a friendly tone. “You must be warm, not being used to that clothing, surely you must be thirsty.”

Rachel swallows hard, her throat suddenly dry despite the orange juice she drank earlier. "N-no, Your Highness, I'm quite alright," she manages to say, her voice strained.But Milly is already pulling her towards the fountain. "Nonsense! We can't have you fainting from the heat. Here, have a drink."

Rachel's eyes widen in horror as Milly gestures to the fountain. The sound of the water is torture, and she can feel her control slipping. "Please, Your Highness," she whispers desperately, "I really must-"

"Drink," Milly commands, her voice low and intense. There's a strange excitement in her eyes that Rachel has never seen before.

With trembling hands, Rachel cups some water and brings it to her lips. The cool liquid slides down her throat, and she feels her bladder protest, but she has no choice but to drink at least some of it. It can’t get much worse, could it? She dares to look at the Princess and is suprised that Milly also is drinking from the fountain? Why would she do that?

Rachel watches in bewilderment as Milly drinks deeply from the fountain, her throat working as she swallows. When the princess finishes, she wipes her mouth delicately and smiles at Rachel, an odd gleam in her eye.

"Refreshing, isn't it?" Milly says, her voice oddly breathless. "Now, let's continue our walk."

As they move away from the fountain, Rachel notices something different about Milly's gait. The princess seems to be walking more carefully, taking smaller steps. Could it be...? No, Rachel dismisses the thought. Surely a princess wouldn't...

But as they continue their circuit of the courtyard, Rachel becomes more certain. Milly is fidgeting, pressing her thighs together when she thinks no one is looking. The realization hits Rachel like a thunderbolt - the princess needs to relieve herself too.

What in the world is she doing? Milly’s movements are very subtle, most of the people probably couldn’t tell that anything is off. But after years of knowing her, Rachel can be certain that Milly is behaving very different. Why was she giving her that dress, only to claim to be angry at her - only to then drag her out like that? All that while she clearly shares her condition. Rachel remembers her words earlier how a Princess would never complain about “ordinary things”. Is this a new cruel game? Is Milly wanting to show her, how much more Ordinary Rachel is by having such difficulties to deal with her bladder pressure?

Rachel couldn’t think straight anymore.

As they continue their stroll, Rachel's mind races, trying to make sense of Milly's bizarre behavior. The princess maintains her regal composure, but Rachel notices the tension in her shoulders, the slight tremor in her hands as she gestures while speaking to various courtiers.

"Isn't it wonderful to be out in the sun?" Milly says loudly, her voice strained. "We should stay out here all day, don't you think, Rachel?"

Rachel's heart sinks at the thought. She's not sure how much longer she can hold on, and the idea of spending hours in the courtyard is unbearable. "Y-yes, Your Highness," she manages to stammer.

Suddenly, Milly grabs Rachel's arm and pulls her close. "Follow my lead," she whispers urgently. Then, in a louder voice, she announces, "I think it is time for a little rest. You seem a bit tired.” She drags Rachel to a nearby bank under a tree.

Rachel's heart races as Milly pulls her down onto the bench. The sudden movement sends a jolt through her overfull bladder, and she has to fight to maintain control. As they sit, Rachel notices Milly's legs are pressed tightly together, her hands clenched in her lap.

"Isn't this nice?" Milly says, her voice slightly higher than usual. "Just the two of us, enjoying the day."

Rachel nods, not trusting herself to speak. She's acutely aware of every drop of liquid in her body, threatening to escape at any moment. The beautiful dress suddenly feels like a prison, constricting her movements.

Milly leans in close, her breath warm on Rachel's ear. "How are you feeling?" she whispers, her tone a mixture of concern and... excitement?

"I... I need to..." Rachel starts, but Milly cuts her off immediately. “Yes, I know. But how does it feel?” The way she is saying the word ‘feel’ is strange. Rachel gets more confused with every passing second. She has no idea what Milly is doing with her nor what she wants to hear.

Rachel hesitates, unsure how to respond. She's never been asked such a personal question by the princess before. "It... it hurts," she finally whispers back, her cheeks burning. "I feel like I'm about to burst."

To her surprise, Milly's eyes widen with what looks like excitement. "Me too," the princess breathes, so quietly Rachel can barely hear her. "I've never... held it this long before."

Suddenly, Rachel understands. This isn't just another cruel game to make only Rachel suffer - or at least, not entirely. Milly is experiencing the same desperate need, pushing herself to the limit alongside Rachel. But why?

"Your Highness," Rachel murmurs, "why are you doing this? Why are we both..."

Milly's hand suddenly grips Rachel's, squeezing tightly. "Because I wanted to know what it felt like," she hisses, as she visible trembles for a moment.

And that is when the memories come to Rachel. All the times when they were younger and the princess trapped her in that strange glass box, seemingly out of no reason, but the amount of times she did that when Rachel actually needed the toilet became more and more over time. Especially that one time.

Rachel's mind drifts back to that day, years ago. She was barely eleven, trapped once again in the glass box Milly used to trap her in to “punish"her for whatever reasons seemed fit. But this time was different. Rachel's bladder was painfully full, and she begged Milly to let her out.

"Please, Your Highness! I need to go so badly!" Rachel cried, pressing her hands between her legs.

Milly watched, her eyes wide with fascination. "Hold it," she commanded, but her voice wavered.

Rachel squirmed, tears streaming down her face. "I can't! Please!"

The pressure built and built until finally, Rachel couldn't hold on any longer. Warm liquid gushed down her legs, forming a puddle on the floor of the glass box. She sobbed with shame and relief.But when she looked up, expecting to see Milly's cruel grin, she seemed to look different.

Rachel's eyes widen as the memory resurfaces. She remembers Milly's expression that day - not disgust or cruelty, but fascination and... something else. Envy?

"You have been curious about this ever since that day?" Rachel whispers, realization dawning. Can she even say that out loud? But everything about this feels different from usually, the Princess seems to show a different side, she doesn’t even scold Rachel for directly asking such a question.

Milly nods, her face flushed. "I've never... I mean, I'm not allowed to... A princess must always be in control," she mutters, squirming slightly on the bench.

Rachel feels a strange mix of emotions - sympathy, understanding, and a hint of power she's never experienced before. "Is that why you gave me this dress? So we could be in the same situation, just for one day?”

Milly bites her lip, looking more vulnerable than Rachel has ever seen her. "I wanted to know what it felt like," she admits. "To be desperate like that, without having a chance to get out of the situation. To just… have to give in to your needs. I don’t think any of us could make it to a private room now”, she whispers, desperately but with a strange exitement.

Rachel has a feeling that she gets it, at least a little bit. Milly always has to be graceful, every moment of her life she is being watched, has to be in total control of all her behaviour and movement. Maybe that is also, why she treated Rachel so badly when they were younger.Rachel was a commonor, the servant girl nobody cared about, while being trapped with the Princess, in another way having a freedom Milly never had. A strange perspective, since for Rachel, she was phyisically trapped and even abused by Milly, a prisonor in every sense, and even then, she felt like Rachel had a freedom she hadn’t.

But what is the connection with this situation, Rachel wondered, why barely passing a wave of pressure, trembling and shivering. The fact that Rachel had to relieve herself back then? That she had to let go all control? No matter what others- what Milly thinks about it? And she wants to… experience that too? But why? And with the next wave of pressure washing over her, something else came to her mind. “Your highness!”, she whimpers, desperately holding back. “You can’t do that. All the people here will see you!”

Milly's eyes flash with a mix of fear and excitement. "I know," she whispers, her voice trembling. "That's... that's part of it. The risk, the loss of control, the... shame." She squeezes Rachel's hand tighter. "But we're in this together now. You understand, don't you?"

Rachel nods slowly, a strange feeling of intimacy washing over her. For the first time, she sees Milly not as the cruel princess, but as a girl her own age, trapped by expectations and longing for a moment of freedom.

"What do we do now?" Rachel asks, her voice barely audible as another wave of desperation washes over her.

Milly's eyes dart around the courtyard, taking in the curious glances from courtiers and servants alike. "We can't... we can't just..." she starts, then stops, biting her lips. Her eyes widen for a moment, and then she regains some composure, even a little smile comes to her face. “I’ve done it a little”, she giggles silently. “Wow”. Rachels eyes widen while she also knows that those expensive undergarments can’t possible stay dry much longer. But still. “Milly!” she calls out her name in hope she might get through to her Princess ego, snapping her back into reality by not using her title. “You can’t do this! You can’t!” She must save her from that humilation. If something happens to her, Rachel, nobody would care. But if the Princess would wet herself for everyone to see at this age. She can’t let that happen, could she? Otherwise she has been cruel to Rachel in the past.

Milly's eyes lock onto Rachel's, a mix of fear and exhilaration in her gaze. "But I want to," she whispers, her voice thick with emotion. "For once in my life, I want to just... let go."

Rachel feels torn between her instinct to protect Milly and a newfound understanding of the princess's desires. She glances around nervously, noticing more and more curious looks from the courtiers.

Milly whimpers, her composure slipping further. "I can't... I can't hold it anymore."

In that moment, Rachel makes a decision. She stands up abruptly, pulling Milly with her. "Your Highness," she says loudly, for the benefit of those nearby, "I'm feeling unwell. Perhaps we should return to your chambers."

Milly's eyes widen in understanding, and at the same time mixed feelings show on her face. She seems to understand that Rachel wants to protect her, but at the same time there is a hint of new anger and just after a few steps the Princess puts all her strenght into her arm and stops Rachel. Rachel turns around, they are standing in the middle of the courtyard, everyones glances on them. Rachel in her unusual pretty dress and the Princess, dressed as beautiful as always.

Rachel freezes, her heart pounding as she meets Milly's intense gaze. The princess's face is a storm of emotions - gratitude, frustration, and a wild desperation that makes Rachel's breath catch.

"No," Milly says softly, but with unmistakable authority. "We stay here."

A ripple of whispers spreads through the courtyard as people notice the strange tableau. Rachel can feel her own control slipping, the pressure in her bladder reaching a critical point.

"But Your Highness," she pleads in a whisper, "you can't... not here..."

Milly's grip on Rachel's arm tightens. "We're in this together," she hisses. "To the end."

Suddenly, Milly's body goes rigid. Her eyes widen in shock, and Rachel watches in disbelief as a dark stain begins to show at the crotch of the Princesses dress.

Rachel watches in stunned silence as the dark stain on Milly's dress grows larger. The princess's face is a mixture of shock, relief, and something else - a wild, almost ecstatic expression Rachel has never seen before.

"Oh," Milly breathes, her voice barely audible. "Oh my..."

The courtyard falls eerily quiet as people begin to notice what's happening. Rachel can hear the soft patter of liquid hitting the ground, see the puddle forming at Milly's feet. She's frozen in place, unable to look away from the surreal scene unfolding before her.

And then, as if a dam has burst, Rachel feels her own control slip away. The pressure that's been building for hours finally overwhelms her, and she feels warmth spreading through her undergarments, down her legs, soaking into the beautiful lavender dress.

And for this moment, it is like time stops, Rachel gets lost in the impressions her senses give her of the situation.

Rachel's world narrows to a pinpoint of sensation as the floodgates open. The initial rush of warmth spreads rapidly, enveloping her most intimate areas in a cocoon of heat that's both shocking and oddly comforting. The silky fabric of her undergarments clings to her skin, the wetness seeping through and cascading down her trembling legs.

The relief is indescribable, waves of pleasure rippling through her body as muscles she didn't even know were tense finally relax. It's as if every nerve ending has come alive, tingling with the dual sensations of release and stimulation. The lavender dress darkens as it absorbs the liquid, the fabric clinging to her curves in a way that's almost sensual.

The smell rises up, a complex mix of urine and the flower odor of her dress.

Rachel's gaze remains fixed on Milly, transfixed by the princess's transformation. Milly's face is flushed, her eyes half-closed in an expression of pure bliss. Her lips are slightly parted, soft gasps escaping as she continues to release. The usual haughty demeanor has melted away, replaced by a raw vulnerability that makes her seem more human, more real than ever before.

The princess's golden hair seems to shimmer in the sunlight, framing her face like a halo. Droplets of sweat bead on her forehead, glistening like tiny diamonds. Her chest rises and falls rapidly, the fabric of her dress clinging to her curves in a way that accentuates her feminine form.

As the dark stain spreads across Milly's dress, it creates an intricate pattern, almost like a work of art.

Rachel's heart races as reality crashes back, the euphoria of release giving way to cold fear. The courtyard buzzes with shocked whispers and gasps. She feels exposed, vulnerable, certain that punishment or humiliation must follow.

But Milly's hand in hers is steady, warm. The princess stands tall despite her soaked dress, chin lifted defiantly. Her eyes meet Rachel's, filled with an unexpected tenderness.

"It's alright," Milly murmurs, squeezing Rachel's hand. "We're in this together, remember?"

Around them, guards hurry to disperse the gawking crowd. Threats of severe consequences for gossiping ring out. Rachel marvels at how quickly order is restored, how swiftly the palace machine moves to protect its princess.

As they're ushered inside, Milly doesn't let go of Rachel's hand.

Later, they get seperated as Milly is supposed to see her father, Rachel is handed simple clothing and guided to the Princess' Chamber. While she is wondering how Milly will talk her way out of this, she also wonders about her feelings towards all of that.

Rachel paced nervously in the princess's chamber, her mind whirling with conflicting emotions. The simple servant's dress she now wore felt coarse against her skin after the silky lavender gown, a stark reminder of her place in the palace hierarchy.

She replayed the events in the courtyard over and over, her cheeks burning with remembered shame and... something else. The relief had been exquisite, yes, but there was more to it. The way Milly had looked at her, the unexpected tenderness in her touch - it stirred feelings Rachel hardly dared name.

But could she trust these new sensations? Memories of past cruelties cross her mind: Milly's mocking laughter as she locked Rachel in the glass box, the sting of her palm across Rachel's cheek for a minor transgression. Years of abuse didn't vanish in a single shared moment of vulnerability. She can’t make up her mind about all of this, and she can hardly tell how their relationship and her life in the palace will continue from now on. Will everything stay the same? Will Milly show a friendlier, softer side of her she glimpsed into today - or will she be scolded badly and in consequence return to the cruel ways she treated Rachel in her Childhood? Or could there even be very real, very dangerous consequences, if anyone thinks, or Milly even tells that this situation is somehow Rachels fault?

