Fate: the Winx saga omo fanfic

Author: Elfi

*000*2021-01-29 23:16

I don't know if anybody else is watching the Netflix show, but it prompted me to write this little fanfic... hope you like

Terra tip-toed across the suite’s hardwood floors as not to wake anyone else. She had just got out of bed with a bursting bladder –just like every morning- but she’d always had been able to reach the bathroom before any of her friends did so far. Terra was holding on to her crotch through her white, floral-patterned piyamas like a little girl, sure that no one was able to see her anyway. Her sweaty feet patted across the floor and she opened the door to the bathroom, but today she wasn’t the first, apparently – Stella was in there, doing her hair.

“Oh, you have to go to the toilet?”, Stella asked in her usual judgmental way, “go ahead, the stall’s free.”

Terra blushed uncontrollably as she let go of her crotch, though she had to cross her legs. “Eh, no problem, I’ll wait,” she grinned as she closed the door to the bathroom again. Bloom must have heard something, because she rushed into the room with Terra. Bloom was wearing her usual sleep-gear (a grey top and matching pair of shorts), but she was pressing her thighs together tightly as well.

“Oh my god, is the bathroom occupied?”, Bloom asked with a panicked look on her face, “I really need to pee, can I go first?”

“Eh sure,” Terra said as she tried to look as relaxed as possible (and failing miserably at that), “I don’t really have to go that badly anyway.”

Musa suddenly appeared as well. “Terra, I’m an empath, remember,” she said as she picked at the long, white T-shirt she was wearing (it had a pink and blue 80s style shape on it, but was long enough to go down to her knees), “I can clearly feel you’re both almost peeing in your pants.”

“Yeah seriously, I need to go real bad,” Bloom said as she was dancing around nervously, “who’s in there? Is that Stella? She takes hours…”

Terra wiggled around as well as she tried to pull her piyama top down desperately. Bloom was clearly uncomfortable as well, as she bit her lip and jumped from one foot to the other. “Guys, you do know I can feel whatever you’re feeling,” Musa said with a bit of a whine, “and it makes me have to go even worse as well!”, and she bent over very slightly.

“I really can’t hold it any more,” Stella whined, “I’m going to have an accident in my pants if I don’t go real soon!”, and she put one of her hands down the front of her shorts to grab hold of her vagina tightly.

“No, don’t do that!”, Musa chimed, “if I sense that, I’m not going to be able to hold it either!”

Terra was nervously trying to keep her mind away from the other girls’ conversation and concentrate on her bladder problem, but she suddenly felt her pee hole opening and a warm jet of urine spraying into her piyama pants. At that same moment, Musa felt the same thing – only for her, it sprayed into her panties. Both girls grabbed hold of their crotch and bent over at the same time to stop more from coming out. Terra and Musa were both clenching their lips tight together, one through her piyama pants that felt warm and wet, the other through her T-shirt and panties that were also soiled. Terra and Musa exchanged a guilty look, as if both girls knew what had just happened to the other.

At that moment, Aisha also rushed into the room with a very worried look on her face.

“You’re not all waiting for the toilet, are you?”, she asked nervously, “I need to pee real bad!”

“We too!”, the others answered in unison, “and aren’t you a water fairy? You should be able to control that!”, Bloom added.

“Oh trust me,” Aisha said as her hands cramped up and she rubbed her thighs together, “I’m using all my powers not to piss all over myself right now!” Aisha was wearing a pastel purple onesie, and everyone doubted she’d get it off in time even if she made it to the bathroom.

Terra tightened every muscle in her body. She’d never had to pee this badly before in her life, and Musa could feel it. Musa looked at Terra with a terrified look on her face, but neither girl could help it. Terra felt herself losing control of her muscles alltogether… she grabbed hold of her crotch with both hands now, but it didn’t help at all, as an explosion seemed to erupt between her legs. Terra couldn’t possibly hold it in a second longer and she started peeing in her pants. First, she felt the warmth spread throughout her hand palms, but then it quickly ran down her legs as well. Her pee flowed over her feet and her stubby toes to finally make a large puddle right where she was standing on the floor.

This was a death sentence for Musa. She felt Terra losing control, and couldn’t hold it in any longer either. A yellowish wet patch growed on the front of her T-shirt, through which she was holding her crotch, and a single jet of pee blasted through her panties and ran onto the floor. As Musa was still bending over, some also ran down the back of her T-shirt, functioning a bit like a slide, allowing a second golden beam to clatter to the ground.

“Terra, are you peeing in your pants?”, Bloom said, a bit shocked, as she heard Terra’s pee hissing onto the ground uncontrolably.

“So is Musa!”, Aisha cried as she pressed her thighs closely together as not to be in the same situation herself as well.

Bloom looked at Terra and Musa with a worried look on her face, but mostly because she was holding on tight to her own vagina. It felt moist, but she had told herself that was mostly sweat – however, she really needed a toilet and if she didn’t sit on one very soon, she knew she would wet herself as well. Bloom then felt a spurt of pee crashing onto her hand palm. She tried to hold onto her vagina even tighter, but now it was slippery and wet, and holding it in became even harder.

“Oh no, I’ve got to go right now!”, Aisha suddenly cried out and she tried to reach the door handle to the bathroom, but she suddenly lost control completely. All three other girls saw a dark patch growing on her crotch, then running down her smooth, brown legs and finally clattering onto the ground as well.

“No… make it stop… make it stop!”, Aisha tried to invoke all her powers over water to make her accident go away, but she wasn’t powerful enough – as she stood there, paralyzed, peeing in her pants like an infant.

Bloom was having trouble as well, as more and more jets of pee burst out. She tried to gain control manually by pushing her lips together, with one hand on her vagina, the other on the outside of her shorts. But it was no use: they were clearly getting wet as well, as Bloom felt the warm jets of pee spreading down her thighs, then over her ankles, and finally over her bare feet as well. Bloom knew she couldn’t help it any longer and let go of her crotch as she spread her legs; she started peeing uncontrollably, urine running out of both pant legs and splattering onto the ever-growing puddle on the floor.

Then, everything seemed silent for just a second: all four girls had just wet their pants, they were standing in a huge puddle composed of all of their pee, and nobody dared to look at any of the others. Then, the door to the bathroom opened and Stella looked out into the hallway.

“What’s all this ruckus?”, Stella asked, and Bloom, Terra, Musa and Aisha looked at each other with a guilty look on their faces.

“We had a little accident…”, Terra finally admitted in shame, her wet piyama pants sticking clearly to her legs.

