Desperate for Each Other

Author: Ell19

*000*2019-01-25 17:14

This is my first fiction. I do have experience writing novels but not anything like this. I don't intend on taking it too seriously but if there is interest in it then I have a vague arc in my head for a multi part story and will be open to suggestions.

This is the story of two university students who discover each other's interest in holding and the relationship that ensues. I'm intending for there to be plenty of desperation, a cute romance and also a significant amount of him controlling her bladder. There may also be some wetting and anything else that anyone might express interest in. It all really depends on whether anyone wants to read it.

There is a small amount of setting the scene but it does get straight into the desperation in this first instalment.

The car door slammed shut and Anna's mum waved from the passenger window. Anna's stomach clenched with excitement and trepidation as she waved back, watching as the car pulled away taking her family with it. She picked up the last box and struggled with it up the steep stairs of her accommodation block.

Panting with exertion she tapped her keycard against the door and started to push it open with her shoulder when a petite girl wearing a hijab appeared around the corner of the corridor and called out.

"Hi, are you just moving in?"

Anna propped the door open with her box and smiled warmly, keen to make friends. The girl introduced herself as Zay and they chatted awkwardly for several minutes about being nervous, what their first timetabled events were and their distaste for the small kitchen that they shared.

"Anyway, got to hurry off," Zay said after an awkward pause, looking over her shoulder towards the stairs, "My girlfriend is helping me move my stuff in and she'll be annoyed if I don't pull my weight!"

Feeling pleased to have met a friendly face already, Anna kicked the box into her room and let the door swing shut behind herself sighing in pleasure at being in her own space. It wasn't much, simply a rectangular room with a single bed, desk, bookshelf, a strange piece of antique furniture with lots of little drawers and a wardrobe. However there was also a large sash window overlooking some nice gardens which Anna was very happy with.

The car journey had been long and she crossed one leg over the other in an absent minded way as her bladder reminded her of the hours since it had last been emptied. Anna didn't care though, she liked the feeling and saw no reason to do anything about it just yet as she set about unpacking her belongings and opened herself a can of cola.

Within two hours the room was looking like some kind of home, her books on the shelf, folders on the desk and fairy lights strung over the boarded up fireplace and, feeling a little drowsy, Anna opened another can of cola to combat her sleepiness and she settled down on her bed to read a book. She began to fidget as she read, her bladder being very full by this point, but she continued to sip on her cola as the intermittently pressed her legs together against the pangs. She soon shifted her position so she was sat on her heel, pulling the waistband of her jeans away from herself and then resting her hand gently over her snug t shirt, pressing down lightly on her bladder and relishing in the intensifying pressure.

Anna enjoyed her filling bladder and her book for about an hour before her phone pinged and she looked at the time.

"Shit!" she cursed as she jumped off the bed and grabbed her shoes. She was late for the first welcome event and very afraid of missing out and not making friends. She pulled her shoes on and grabbed her pass and phone, shoving them into her back pockets as she glanced in the mirror to check her make up and hair. She had a cute face with a small nose and lips and big brown eyes. Her hair curled around her ears, soft, chin length and dirty blonde. She smoothed down a curl that had stuck up in the air and pulled her skinny jeans higher up over the curve of her hips before leaving her room and hurrying down the stairs.

When she arrived in the student café-bar it seemed as though everyone else was already there, milling around in small groups with nondescript chatter filling the air. Anna made eye contact with a couple of people who were stood nervously alone and tried to give them a warm smile. She felt self conscious, she had never seen so many people her own age in one place and most of them were very attractive. She noticed every girl who was skinnier and better dressed than herself and suddenly felt chubby and too casual and crossed her hands in front of her stomach which she now felt was very obvious in her tight t-shirt. Little did she know that some of those same people were looking at her and envying her curves. There was lots of nerves and insecurity in that room full of young people desperate to fit in and make friends.

At that moment, as the panic of thinking she was going to be late receded, Anna became aware that her bladder was now sending strong signals to tell her it was really very full and wanted emptying right now. She looked around, wondering if she had time to nip to the toilet before the event started but then a loud whistle was heard and everyone turned their heads to see a second year student stood on a chair looking down at them all.

"Right, welcome freshers, I am your president and it's my job to make sure you are all settled in well and to run all of the orientation events. Come to me if you have any issues or queries about moving in or making friends or if you just need a friendly shoulder to cry on about how much you're missing your pet hamster."

Anna sucked on her bottom lip and swayed her hips side to side slightly as she contemplated her ability to hold on for a while longer. She decided she could probably manage it although she was forgetting the second can of cola which had yet to make its way to her already quite stretched bladder. She did feel a little pang of excitement but she usually preferred to do her holding in private.

The girl on the chair continued, "This event is called Speed Friending. You will notice the tables laid out around the room each with several chairs, in a minute I want you all to sit at any table and you will have ten minutes to get to know the people on your table. I will then whistle again and you will get up and move to another table. Try to choose a table with as many new people on it as possible every time. There are some card games and ice breaker questions on each table. Begin."

There was a brief kerfuffle as everyone hurried to find a seat and then the chatter started up again. Anna winced slightly as her bladder was compressed by sitting down and looked around at the faces on her table. She soon realised that holding on might not have been the best idea as she was struggling to concentrate on the conversations as she focused on keeping control of her swollen bladder. She fidgeted a little and looked up, inadvertently making eye contact with the boy sat across from her. He had been looking at her. She blushed and forced herself to sit still, looking away from him quickly and trying to participate in the conversation. She was sat awkwardly on the edge of her chair with desperation and soon started fidgeting again involuntarily. Every time she looked at the boy he seemed to be looking back.

After what felt like a very long time the second year whistled again and chairs scraped as everyone got to their feet. Anna stood up slowly wondering if she could escape to the toilet, turning on the spot to figure out which direction she should head in but she could see no toilet signs. Soon everyone else was sat down and a few people were looking are her expectantly so, feeling awkward, she took a few slow steps to a neighbouring table where the same boy from before had raised his eyebrows and pulled out a chair for her. She sat down and the chatter gradually started up again.

At this table there were pieces of paper and pens and a note instructing them to play pictionary. A boy dipped his hand in a box full of little bits of paper, drew one out and started drawing as everyone leaned forwards to try and guess what he had got. Anna bit her lip and rocked slightly soon becoming aware that they boy was still staring at her. She made eye contact with him boldly this time thinking he must look away but instead he maintained it and smirked. She blushed again and suppressed a groan as her bladder pounded within her abdomen.

The second can of cola was making its way in and she was feeling more and more desperate by the minute as her bladder became hard and the look of concern on her face deepened. She decided that at the next whistle she would stand up with everyone else and hurry straight back out the way she came in before anyone could notice. She would then head back to her room and the toilets that she knew were on her corridor as she didn't know her way around yet to find any that were closer.

She was jolted out of her desperate thoughts by the whistle and jumped to her feet feeling a few drops of liquid escape and warm her knickers. She made a beeline for the door, her bladder hurting with each step unaware that she was being followed.

As she reached the quiet corridor outside the café-bar she paused to collect herself, crossing her legs and bending over with a small groan of need.

"You alright there?" a deep male voice sounded behind her and she straightened up and turned around, losing a small spurt at the abruptness of her movement. It was the boy that had been staring. She nodded and made a vague mhmm sound at him before trying to walk away.

"You know the toilets are the other way," he said with amusement in his voice and she paused again, bouncing slightly on the spot as she fought to keep control of herself.

"I know," she replied with an attempt at coolness, "That's not where I'm going."

He smirked.

"Really? Because your body language tells me otherwise. You have a rather cute little dance going on there."

Anna was flustered for a moment, distracted by a desperate contraction of her throbbing bladder but she soon calmed herself enough to speak back.

"Excuse me," she said firmly and walked past him in the direction of the toilets he had pointed out. A little way down the corridor she found the door to a single occupancy bathroom. Her bladder screaming at the thought of impending relief she tried the handle and was dismayed to find it locked. A noise from inside told her someone was already in there so with a sigh she stepped back to wait, crossing one leg over the other tightly. In large part of her own doing it had been many hours and lots of liquid since her last relief and she had been urgently needing a bathroom for quite some time. She closed her eyes for a moment and told herself firmly that she could handle a couple more minutes.

The boy sauntered over. "Want some company while you wait? You look like you could do with some distraction."

His face was friendly and Anna warmed towards him a little despite the embarrassment of her situation. She bobbed at the knees as she replied.

"I know I look quite silly. I hurried straight here from moving in as I was afraid to be late and it was a long journey. My name is Anna, what's yours?"

He smiled.

"I'm Ben. You don't look silly, it's quite cute. If I saw you with contempt would I have followed to help?"

"I guess not," she replied.

A minute passed in silence and Anna felt her bladder redouble its efforts to void no matter what. It gave a particularly bad pulse and she gasped as her knickers became even more damp, shoving her hands into her crotch and squirming as she fought for control.

"Ooooh, I have to go bad," she whined with a small laugh. She felt her fingers begin to grow slightly wet. Ben was watching her with a surprisingly serious look on his face. She wondered that he wasn't laughing or saying anything.

Sweat started to trickle down her back as she held her whole body tense, her swollen bladder pulsing with urgent need, every second feeling twice as long as usual as she listened to the person inside the bathroom wash their hands.

Finally the door opened and she hurried inside, taking small steps in an attempt not to jolt her aching bladder too much. She fumbled to undo her jeans and collapsed onto the toilet, closing her eyes in relief as her flood came pouring out of her. Almost a minute later her stream came to an end as her bladder was finally, blissfully, empty. She washed her hands and left the bathroom to the now empty corridor, heading straight back to her room to deal with both her wet underwear and her arousal.

I hope some of you liked this story. I hope to write the next part in the next day or two. I welcome both feedback and suggestions.

*003*2019-01-26 10:39

{{12 hours ago, Potty-Polly said:

Amazing story can't wait for more .. maybe even something from zays pov

}}

Ooh I hadn't thought of that but it's a good idea. I'll definitely do that once I'm a couple parts in. Zay does a humanities subject with lots of long essays to write. Maybe she holds on afriad of losing her table in the library then can't find the toilets when she eventually gives in. Or maybe her girlfriend comes to visit and she's just pulled a caffeine fueled all nighter to meet a deadline with lots of coffee. She becomes very desperate while they walk back from the train station together then loses control just as they reach her room. Her girlfriend then comforts her.

Which do you like best? I might actually write both at some point.

{{9 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

That was a fantastic story

}}

Thank you so much

*009*2019-02-06 22:14

Part 2: A night out doesn't go to plan.

Several days into freshers week Anna was getting ready for a night out with Zay and two other girls called Millie and Tilly. Millie was very tall and slim with dark curly hair and Tilly was a short redhead. They were both well spoken and came from wealthy families for which the other girls frequently teased them.

Anna lounged on her bed sipping wine while Zay and Millie sat on the floor, Zay doing Millie's makeup. Tilly sat on the desk cross legged swigging directly from a wine bottle.

Anna laughed "Save some for us!" she directed at Tilly.

"You've had a head start, I need to catch up. I don't have a coat so I need an alcohol blanket for the walk over."

"Fair enough," Anna replied, leaning over to take the bottle and pour herself another glass.

Zay sighed, "It's a good job you have sober me to look after you. I don't wanna be cleaning up any sick though so take it steady please."

"Yes mum," Tilly replied. Zay only smiled at this. She prided herself on being the mum friend.

After 90 minutes and two bottles of wine between the three drinkers they judged themselves tipsy enough and the time late enough to head out to the club. As they left Tilly paused and looked thoughtful for a moment then said, "Never mind, don't want to break the seal just yet."

The walk to the club was cold and was supposed to take about 20 minutes but none of them had been to this one before and they got lost. After about 25 minutes they stopped at the side of the road, next to a row of closed unlit shops, while Zay looked on her phone to try and figure out which way to go. Tilly crossed one leg over the other and pulled a pained face.

"I thought we'd be there by now. Oh please hurry up, I'm so cold and I need to pee really badly now."

Anna's own bladder gave a pulse in sympathy but she wasn't desperate yet and didn't intend to go for a while. They stood for a few minutes while Zay struggled to get a signal and Tilly started to squirm on the spot.

"Yes! This way." Zay led them down a smaller street and they trotted after her, Tilly walking in a slightly awkward manner.

The turned two corners and found themselves facing a door that was lit up with bouncers outside and a line of people waiting to enter.

"Ohh no," Tilly moaned as they joined the line behind a group of boys. A tall one with brown curly hair turned around at the sound of her voice and Anna recognised him as the boy that had stared and talked to her outside the toilet the other day. His eyes fell upon the squirming Tilly who had tried to hold herself discretely but took her hand away quickly under his gaze then he looked over to Anna and gave a little smile.

"Hello," he said, "we've met already but if you told me your name I don't remember it."

"Anna," she replied.

He gave her a warm smile, his eyes briefly flicking back to Tilly who hastily withdrew her hand from her crotch again.

"I'm Ben." He then leant closer as though saying something confidential and whispered, "Think she's gonna make it?" flicking his eyes towards Tilly.

Anna swallowed and also looked over towards Tilly who was stepping from foot to foot and holding herself openly now, too drunk and too desperate to care anymore.

"I'd say so," Anna replied, "I think she's just being so obvious because of a lack of inhibition, she had a lot of wine."

Ben gave Anna a quick look up and down. "And what about you, you still in possession of your inhibitions?"

"I had as much wine as her but I don't think I'm quite so drunk."

They were nearly at the front of the line at this point and Anna became aware that she was starting to get desperate herself. She rubbed her thighs together as she handed over her ID and when Ben looked at her she tried to pass it off as the cold, rubbing her hands together and then wrapping her arms around herself.

She was allowed in and stepped past the bouncer to stand and wait with Ben while the others were checked.

"Not you," the bouncer said to Tilly, opening the rope fence for her to leave. He turned to the others. "Are you her friends, do you want to go with her? She's too drunk, I can't let her in."

"Noo," Tilly protested, "I'm not, I promise, I'm not that drunk, no more than the others, I just really need to wee!"

"I'm sorry," he shook his head, "I have to use my judgement, you can't walk in a straight line and you're talking too loudly. Your friend here looks worse for wear too," he said, nodding at Millie who was leant against the wall for support with her eyes half closed."

They gave in, "Come on," said Zay firmly, "lets head back."

Ben followed them, "I'll come too, my friends have already gone in without me and I'm tired. Me and Anna know each other too."

Anna thought that was a stretch but he was attractive and she felt a pull towards him so she let it pass and they set off together.

"Zay, it's not going to take so long to get back is it?" asked Tilly breathlessly, "I can't wait much longer, I needed to go when we left."

Zay patted her arm reassuringly, "Just 20 minutes hun."

Ben whispered to Anna again, "What do you think of her chances now? Fiver says she doesn't make it back."

"Done," replied Anna although she really wasn't sure. Maybe her judgement was hampered by the increasingly urgent state of her own bladder which was starting to feel very swollen and require conscious effort to control. She gave a little shudder of desperation and tried to pass it off as cold again.

"So," said Ben, "What about you? Didn't you say you'd drunk the same amount as her? How come you're not providing a similar show?"

Tilly was hobbling along clutching herself with both hands and frequently stopping to bend her knees and moan.

Anna decided to play along a little, "I am in possession of more of my mental faculties than she is right now."

She though she saw his eyes light up slightly at the implication that she was in fact desperate, "Ah," he replied, "Admirable."

Truth be told she was nearing breaking point, dying to squirm or hold herself, every step thudding though a bladder stretched full of piss. She steeled herself, only ten more minutes to go now and she felt especially self conscious in front of Ben so she would maintain composure.

However at that moment Tilly stopped and cried out.

"Zay!" she cried and Zay stopped and turned around to see Tilly frozen where she stood, legs crossed and hands between them.

It took a moment for anyone to realise what was happening in the dark but they soon became aware of the sound of liquid pattering on the ground as it spilled from beneath Tilly's skirt. They stood in silent surprise for a minute as her stream continued and she stared down at herself in shock. When it came to an end Zay was the first one to spring into action as Tilly looked up with eyes swimming,

"Don't worry," she said in a deliberately matter of fact voice, "This is why I don't drink see, it happens to everyone doesn't it?" She turned to Millie and Anna with significant looks and they both vigorously nodded in agreement.

"We'll just laugh about it later Tilly, really, don't be upset, at least you feel better now yeah?" Millie spoke reassuringly and Tilly rubbed her eyes dry and nodded with a little smile. They carried on walking back.

Anna however was quite shaken by the event as it had been a painful reminder of her own desperate need. She had bit her lip and crossed one leg over the other tightly as Tilly's stream had pattered onto the ground in front of her.

She looked up at Ben and there was no denying that he had noticed this time. She blushed and he spoke.

"You owe me five pounds."

*011*2019-02-08 14:08

Part 3: Ben makes a move.

The rest of the walk back to their accommodation passed quickly for everyone but Anna. Tilly was sufficiently calmed and reassured by Millie and Zay that she resumed a friendly chatter with them while Anna and Ben walked behind, talking little. The minutes stretched on for Anna and every distance seemed like a mile as she held on to her bursting full bladder. She couldn't wait to get to a toilet and let it all pour out.

She was aware that Ben was watching her very closely and his head would whip around to look right at her whenever she let out a little gasp of desperation. She was starting to wonder if he had a particular interest in it, maybe in the same way she did. She knew she was getting carried away but she thought of the possibilities if this attractive boy was in fact into the same things as her. She had always dreamed of having someone who enjoyed her desperation as much as she did, of having a boyfriend who was turned on by her squirms when she desperately held on for longer than anyone else would of their own volition.

She stopped being so careful to hide her struggle, hoping to catch more signs that he was into it. It wasn't a difficult endeavour because she really was fit to burst. She tripped over a bulge in the pavement where a tree root had burst through a weak point and stumbled slightly. Ben flung his arm out to help her remain on her feet and she did manage to stay upright. However it had cost her concentration, loosening the muscles she had been using to hold back the flood and jolting her aching bladder awfully. A large spurt dampened her knickers and she grabbed herself tightly, pressing her thighs together so hard it hurt her fingers and bending over as she fought against her body's attempt to rid itself of its immense load of pee.

After the worst of the urge had passed and she felt in slightly less precarious control of herself she straightened out slowly and removed her hand from her crotch steeling herself to resume walking. She looked up at Ben, cheeks pink with both embarrassment and excitement and saw that he was staring at her with darkened eyes, his hand still holding her arm. He remained still for a moment then appeared to recollect himself, clearing his throat and letting go. They continued to walk in silence.

A minute later they were entering the lobby of their accommodation and Millie and Tilly hurried down a corridor to the right, returning to their neighbouring rooms before anyone could come by and potentially notice Tilly's wet state. Zay, Anna and Ben continued ahead and up a flight of stairs. The stairs in particular were torturous to Anna's poor bladder. After most of a bottle of wine plus several hours it was stretched to bursting point and even the slight extra pressure caused by the raising of a leg to the next stair was agonising. She fantasised about dashing into the toilet that she knew was situated at the top of the stairs, just down the corridor from her room, and relieving herself of the intense strain.

Reaching the top and mentally congratulating herself on avoiding further leakage she said goodnight to Zay who continued on to her own room. She reached for the handle of the bathroom door, bladder pulsing desperately relief neared, when she realised Ben was still stood at her side and glanced towards him. He looked as though he was about to speak so she paused for a moment, bouncing gently on the spot with one leg crossed in front of the other.

After a long moment he spoke.

"Can I have your number? Maybe we could...uh...go out sometime? I'd like that...if you would."

Anna's heart thudded in excitement as she nodded. He had been very self assured until this moment when nerves finally broke through his mask. It was endearing to know that he cared enough about her response to be stumbling over his words.

"I'd like that too."

He took his phone from his pocket as Anna snuck a hand back between her legs, pressing hard to help herself resist the almost unbearable pressure in her crotch. She could feel a small damp spot under her fingers from her earlier mishap.

She shifted her hips from side to side as she dictated her number for Ben to type into his phone, pausing half way through to groan and double over as her bladder nearly gave out. The second she had spoken the last number she blurted out, "Night!" before darting into the bathroom, bladder pounding at the sight of the toilet. She danced frantically as she fumbled with her jeans button, a few more drops leaking into her knickers before she managed to get it undone and pull them down. She regained control of herself and stood there for a moment, determined to count to thirty seconds to tease herself before allowing relief. She ran her fingers gently across her now bare lower abdomen as she counted, sighing as she felt her full, hard bladder beneath it and revelling in the sensation of deliberately denying it the release it so desperately needed. She felt exhilarated and naughty, torturing her bladder right in front of the toilet while still riding the high of being asked out by a hot guy.

She had just reached 25 when a contraction of her bladder elicited a sharp gasp of pain and a trickle of urine down her inside thigh. Still she battled against a full stream, counting the last five seconds as she slowly lowered herself onto the toilet, feeling the tightness against the rock in her abdomen as she bent her body to sit down.

Finally she let go, with a moan of relief as she allowed the piss to shoot out of her, feeling the warmth in the crotch of the knickers she hadn't removed and focusing on the gradually decreasing pressure in her bladder as it deflated, eventually leaving her with the last small trickle to push out and a wonderful feeling of emptiness. The tension left her whole body and she slumped forwards, arms on her thighs, sighing contentedly.

Ben walked away from the other side of the door with soft footsteps, having listened to the whole process then hurried down the stairs with a pressing matter of his own to deal with.

###

Ideally parts 2 and 3 would have been in one but unfortunately I wasn't able to sit down for long enough to write them in one go and was impatient to post some more.

The next part may be an interlude with an experience of Zay's or it may be a furthering of Anna and Ben's story. Does anyone have any preferences? Or any other suggestions are always welcome.

Thank you for reading, I hope you've enjoyed it so far and I welcome feedback.

*015*2019-02-08 21:14

I think I'm going to do one more part on Anna and Ben to further their story more (and they will always be the focus of most parts) then do one of the Zay chapters that was discussed earlier.

Thanks to everyone that's given nice comments, it's shallow but it does motivate me to write more to know that people are reading and appreciating it.

*017*2019-05-02 22:16

{{7 hours ago, HarryC said:

Late to the party but loving this story. Any chance of another chapter?

}}

Yes! I am hoping to within the next few days. Thank you for commenting

