The Omo-Trail

Author: Erizir

*000*2025-06-02 00:38

This story is written with heavy use of AI, namely 

%https://huggingface.co/mradermacher/Qwen3-30B-A3B-abliterated-GGUF

Apologies for any inconsistencies in the story due to AI. If you have any ideas for improvement, please comment.

Chapter I: First Steps

Emma’s body was quivering with anticipation since she has opened her eyes in the morning. Finally, this time Mark has agreed to take her to the mysterious Omo-trail.

The apartment felt stifling, as though the walls themselves were pressing against her skin, amplifying the heat of her own nervousness. She paced the small room, her fingers twitching at her thighs, her mind a chaotic tangle of questions. *What if I can’t do it? What if I embarrass myself?* The trail was spoken of in hushed tones at the BDSM club—tales of endurance, humiliation, and the strange, perverse thrill of *holding*. But none of her friends had explained the *how* of it, only the *why*: *It’s about submission. About trust. About letting go.*

A phone rang. Emma froze. The sound was sharp, jarring, cutting through the haze of her thoughts.

“Emma?” Mark’s voice, low and steady, came through the receiver. “I’m at your door. Let’s go.”

Her heart thudded. The words *Let’s go* felt like a command, a gentle but unyielding pull. She didn’t hesitate.

The car was cold, the air conditioning humming like a distant threat. Emma sat rigid, her knees pressed together, her hands clenched in her lap. Mark’s presence was a steadying force—his calm, measured voice a stark contrast to the storm in her chest.

“You’re not in the club for the first time,” he said, his tone more curious than scolding. “But this is your first Omo-trail. I assume you don’t know what to expect.”

She shook her head, her throat tight. “I’ve heard… things. But I don’t understand the point. Why would anyone want to *hold* their urine? That’s not even a fetish I’ve heard of.”

Mark chuckled, a sound that rumbled through the car like a low, dangerous hum. “It’s not about *punishment*. It’s about *trust*. About how far someone will go for their dominant. Hold and carry on, or let even a drop of urine out and forfeit the event. It’s… strange, but it’s also… beautiful.”

Emma frowned. “Beautiful?”

He didn’t answer, instead turning his gaze to the road. The mountains loomed in the distance, their peaks shrouded in mist. The silence that followed was heavy, charged with something unspoken.

Emma’s breath hitched. Her body, already tense, seemed to coil tighter. She felt the weight of Mark’s presence, the way his voice had a way of making her feel both small and… *exposed*. Her mind drifted to the idea of being *controlled*—not by force, but by choice. The thought sent a shiver down her spine, a strange mix of fear and arousal.

The parking lot was empty, save for a few vehicles idling near the base of the mountain. A sign overhead read *Omo-Trail – Welcome*. Emma’s breath caught as they approached the building—a squat, weathered structure with peeling paint and a rusted metal door.

Inside, the air was cold, thick with the scent of damp wood and the faint, metallic tang of sweat. A group of people stood in the dimly lit room, their conversations low and conspiratorial. Emma’s eyes darted around, taking in the scene: a couple in a heated argument, a woman kneeling at her dominant’s feet, a man’s hand resting firmly on a sub’s shoulder.

“Emma,” Mark said, his voice a quiet command. “Strip.”

Her head snapped to him. “What?”

“You’ll be undressed. Fully.”

Her heart pounded. *Fully?* The word felt absurd, too final. Her hands trembled as she reached for the hem of her shirt, pulling it over her head. The fabric slid off her skin, and a shiver raced down her spine as the cold air of the locker room bit into her bare chest. Her nipples hardened instantly, sensitive and achy, the chill making her skin tingle.

A woman’s low whistle. A man’s soft chuckle.

Emma’s face burned. She felt every gaze, every stare, the weight of their curiosity pressing against her skin. Her arms wrapped around her torso, but Mark’s hand closed around her wrist, stilling her.

“Don’t hide,” he said, his voice a quiet growl. “You’re here to submit.”

She stood there, her hands at her sides, her breath shallow, as Mark watched her, his gaze steady, unyielding.

“Continue,” he said, his voice a low rumble, neither harsh nor kind.

Emma’s fingers fumbled with the button of her jeans. The metal clinked as she unfastened it, then slid the zipper down with a soft, wet sound. The fabric hung loose, and she pushed it down her hips, the cool air licking at her thighs as the fabric pooled around her ankles. She kicked them off, her bare feet pressing into the cold, linoleum floor. Her breath hitched as her panties followed, sliding down her legs in a slow, shuddering drag. She stood completely naked, her body trembling, the weight of Mark’s gaze pressing into her like a physical force.

The room was silent now, the other members of the club watching, their eyes tracing the curves of her body, the pale skin, the way her muscles twitched under the cold air. Emma’s cheeks burned, her humiliation deep and personal. She felt exposed, vulnerable, as if her very skin were a confession.

Mark stepped closer, his presence a steady anchor. “Turn around,” he ordered.

She obeyed, her back to him, her hands gripping the side of her legs as if to shield herself. The cold air clung to her skin, and her breath came in short, uneven gasps. She felt the weight of his eyes on her, the way they lingered on the small of her back, the curve of her hips, the pale, sensitive flesh of her inner thighs.

“Good,” he said, his voice soft now, almost a whisper. “Now, kneel.”

Emma dropped to her knees, her thighs pressing together, her hands trembling as they rested on the floor. The cold seeped into her joints, but she didn’t move. She could feel the heat of her own body, the way her skin prickled under the chill, the way her breaths grew shallow and uneven.

A moment later, Mark’s hand rested on the back of her head, gentle but firm. “Don't move,” he said.

Emma’s body went still. The room felt colder now, her nakedness more pronounced, her vulnerability amplified. She could hear the faint creak of the building, the muffled voices of the others, but everything felt distant, irrelevant. All she could feel was the weight of Mark’s hand on her head, the cold air against her skin, and the slow, building tension in her body.

A short while later, Mark’s voice cut through the silence. “Get up. You’re not staying here.”

Emma rose slowly, her legs shaky, her knees protesting as she stood. Mark handed her a set of socks and a pair of heavy hiking boots. “Put them on,” he said.

She hesitated, her hands hovering over the unfamiliar items. “Why?”

“Because this is a trail,” he said, his tone unreadable. “You’ll need them.”

Emma frowned, but obeyed. The socks were thick, woolen, and warm, a stark contrast to the cold of the room. She slid them over her bare feet, the fabric rough against her skin. Then, with slow, deliberate movements, she pulled on the hiking boots, the stiff leather creaking as she laced them tight. The boots were heavy, their soles solid, and the moment her feet touched the ground, she felt the weight of them—a grounding, practical presence that seemed oddly at odds with the surreal tension of the moment.

Mark studied her, his expression unreadable. “You’re ready,” he said.

Emma nodded, her breath unsteady. The cold air still clung to her skin, but the boots felt like a strange comfort, a reminder that this was not just some fantasy—this was real. *I chose this. I want this.*

A bell rang.

“Form up!” a voice barked.

Emma stepped into the line of submissives. She could feel the heat of the others’ gazes, their silent judgment, and it made her want to sink into the floor.

Her breath came in shallow, uneven huffs. Her bladder was only slightly full, but the thought of what was to come made her stomach churn.

Mark’s hand rested on her shoulder, a grounding presence. “You’re doing well,” he murmured. “Stay with me.”

She nodded, her throat too tight to speak.

The group moved as one, lining up at the edge of the room. Emma’s eyes locked on the door ahead. Her heart raced, not from fear, but from something deeper—a strange, intoxicating blend of dread and anticipation.

She had no idea what awaited her.

The others had already begun to file through the door. Emma’s hands curled into fists at her sides. Her bladder felt heavier now, a dull, insistent weight in her pelvis.

*This is it,* she thought. *This is the beginning.*

Mark’s voice was a quiet whisper in her ear. “You’re ready, aren’t you?”

She met his eyes, her own filled with uncertainty and something else—something raw, something dangerous.

“Yes,” she whispered.

After a brief moment of silence, Emma took a step forward to the next room.

Editor's notes

Spoiler

I can't call myself much of an author, can I?

I chose a sparse mixture of experts model with a relatively low number of parameters so I can get a decent token/s even when running the model on an integrated GPU. A good trick to run a relatively large model is to install a boatload of DDR5 memory, and use your integrated GPU or even your CPU. A dedicated GPU has much more memory bandwidth, but dedicated GPUs with a large amount of RAM are horrifically expensive compared to slow DDR5 memory of similar size. If you pick a sparse MoE model with few active parameters, shuttling the active parameters from the low-bandwidth RAM doesn't become too much of an issue.

Most guardrails from the model have been removed with a mathematical technique called "abliteration", which enables it to generate very explicit content. What little guardrails remain fortunately align with my own morals, and prompting for almost anything meets no refusal as long as you emphasize that the participants are consenting and respect each other.

The first chapter was created by prompting with a rough idea for the whole story and some notes for the first chapter to be turned into an outline. The model couldn't keep track of who is supposed to learn new information or be surprised at what times, so the outline needed some manual touch-ups.

I generated the text by prefixing it with formatting and tags reminiscent of fanfiction sites, as this seems to improve text quality. Scenes were prefixed with the outline bullet points (a behavior I couldn't replicate with other outlines), which made merging text from multiple generations to keep the best parts relatively easy (there weren't large discrepancies between the setting and events across generation).

The sequence in the middle of Emma having to take poses naked is completely due to the model. It seems to fall into clichés like this (a common trope in BDSM stories, although a bit out of place here) and make the tone much more dark and tense (again a common BDSM trope) than the original prompt. But I decided to roll with both of these, as they add a bit of an edge, and going against the model's training would make generating subsequent chapter much more difficult. Maybe someone should make a LoRA for pee stories one day?

I also ended up having to fix some logical and physical errors (e.g., impossible hand positions, the feeling of a cold floor on bare feet right after putting on boots) by hand. When prompted to rewrite these issues, the model agrees that the situation is impossible, but the "fixed" text will contain the same mistake (the presence of the erroneous text in the context seems to condition the output way too much, and the agreement of the model is due to plain sycophancy, not any presence of reasoning ability).

*001*2025-06-02 00:39

Chapter II: Filling Up

Rows of open toilets lined the perimeter of the room, their porcelain seats cold and uninviting. Somebody in the BDSM club had a twisted architectural sense, as the partitions of what clearly used to be public restroom at the trail had been torn down, making the space feel unnervingly exposed. The air was stale, tinged with the faint scent of urine and disinfectant. Submissives wearing nothing but hiking boots filled the room—some kneeling, some standing, some sitting on a toilet. There was a background hum of hushed conversations broken by the occasional clatter of a toilet lid.

Mark guided Emma to the center of the room, his hand firm on her shoulder. “You’re going to drink every fifteen minutes,” he said, his voice calm but unyielding. “Pee whenever you like. Don’t worry—this isn’t about punishment. It’s about *preparation*.”

Emma’s breath hitched. She looked down at her oversides hiking boots, a reminder of the absurdity of her situation. “Why… why do you allow me to pee? I thought this was about holding?” she asked, her voice trembling.

Mark crouched in front of her, his fingers brushing the inside of her thigh. “To clear your bladder,” he said, his tone gentle but firm. “So your kidneys start working overtime. The more you pee, the more they’ll want to pee. It’s a cycle, Em. You’re literally *training* your body to torture yourself more.” His thumb traced the curve of her inner thigh, and she shivered.

A club member—a tall, broad-shouldered man in a leather harness—handed Emma a plastic cup. “Drink,” he ordered, his voice low and commanding. Emma obeyed, the water cold and metallic on her tongue. It felt wrong, too much, but she forced herself to swallow.

The first pee was awkward. Emma stumbled to the nearest toilet, her knees wobbling as she dropped to her haunches. The cold porcelain seat bit into her bare flesh, and she shivered, her hands gripping the edges of the toilet bowl. She hesitated, her legs trembling, before fully lowering herself onto the seat. The moment her weight settled, a sharp pang of urgency shot through her lower abdomen.

*Why is this so hard?* she thought, her breath shallow. The others in the room had already vacated their toilets, their peeing sessions over. She was the only one still sitting, her body rigid, her hands clutching the cold rim. Despite her efforts, only sinlge, uncomfortable *drip* escaped her, and her cheeks burned.

“Emma,” Mark’s voice cut through the room, calm but firm. “Spread your legs. *Now.*”

She froze. The command sent a jolt of shame through her, her muscles clenching reflexively. Her thighs trembled as she obeyed. The cold air hit her most vulnerable spots, and she gasped, her knees buckling slightly. A second *drip* managed to escape, and this time it was louder, more obscene.

The room fell silent.

A few submissives turned to watch, their eyes lingering on her exposed crotch. Emma’s face burned. She felt the weight of their gazes, the collective scrutiny of the room. Her hands gripped the toilet bowl, her knuckles whitening. A third *drip*—a wet, uncontrolled sound—escaped her, and she groaned inwardly.

Temporary relief came to her as her stream grew stronger. The sound of her urine hitting the water was loud, almost shamefully loud. Mark stood behind her, his hand on her shoulder. “Good,” he murmured. “That’s a start.”

A second large cup of water was thrust into her hands. “Drink,” the leather-clad man from before barked.

The second pee was worse. Her bladder felt heavier, her body more fragile. The cold porcelain seat pressed into her bare flesh, and her knees trembled as she sat, her legs spread wide, the position exposing her most vulnerable parts to the room. A low, involuntary shudder ran through her body as she tried to relax, but her muscles resisted, clenching against the unnatural position.

“*Now,*” Mark’s voice was stern, but his hand on her shoulder was gentle, grounding her. “Let it go. *Let it all go.*”

Emma’s breath hitched. She didn’t want to. She *couldn’t*. Her body rebelled against the command, her muscles refusing to obey, her bladder aching with the pressure. But the moment she surrendered, a deep, burning *urge* surged through her, a primal, unrelenting demand that left no room for hesitation.

A low, wet *gush* escaped her, the sound loud and obscene in the silent room. The stream was weak and hesitant at first, but it quickly turned into a steady, unbroken flow. Her body trembled as the stream slowed, then stopped.

The third cup of water had been forced into her hands by a stern-faced dominatrix, her voice cutting through the room like a blade. “Drink,” she’d said, and Emma had obeyed, the liquid cold and metallic on her tongue. But this time, something was different. Her body felt… *lighter*. Not in the way of relief, but in the way of *expectation*. Her bladder seemed to hum with a strange, electric tension, as though it had been coaxed into submission by the sheer absurdity of the situation.

Sitting on the toilet for the third time, a slow, steady flow of warm urine escaped her body in a long, unbroken stream. It was not the frantic, panicked release of the first two pees, but something more deliberate.

The sound was soft, almost pleasurable. The warmth of the urine against her cold skin sent a shiver through her, her muscles relaxing in a way they never had before. Her legs trembled, her thighs quivering as the stream flowed, slow, measured, and unhurried.

Mark’s hand lingered on her back, his fingers pressing into the small of her spine. “You’re doing well,” he said, but his tone shifted. “But no more. *Ever.*”

Emma’s eyes widened. “What? But—”

“Shhh,” Mark interrupted, his voice soft but firm. “You’re not allowed to pee anymore. Just drink.”

The words felt like a betrayal. Her body protested as she was handed another cup, the water cold and uninviting. Her hands shook as she lifted the cup to her lips. She forced herself to drink, the liquid sliding down her throat in a way that felt both revolting and inevitable.

“Another,” Mark said, his voice low, his hand resting on her shoulder. A cup was thrust into her hands, and she obeyed, the water sloshing in her stomach like a cruel joke. Her body reacted instantly: a sharp, burning *urge* radiated from her lower abdomen, a primal demand that made her knees tremble. She clenched her thighs, her muscles tensing in a futile attempt to suppress the pressure. The room was silent except for the muffled sounds of others drinking and struggling to hold.

Another cup of water appeared. Emma’s lips parted in protest, but Mark’s gaze was unyielding. “Drink,” he said, and she complied, the water flooding her system with a sickening sense of inevitability. Her bladder felt like it would burst, the weight of the liquid pressing against her bladder walls, stretching them unnaturally. Her hips ached, her thighs quivered, and the cold air of the room only heightened the discomfort.

The other submissives watched, their expressions a mix of pity and fascination. One woman, kneeling in front of a dominant, whispered, “She’s already so full…” Her voice was laced with awe.

Emma’s breath came in short, shallow gasps. She wanted to pee, *needed* to pee, but Mark’s words echoed in her mind: *No more.* Her nipples hardened, erect and sensitive, and the unrelenting pressure in her pelvis, both agonizing and strangely arousing, coiled in her abdomen and between her legs.

Mark crouched in front of her, his hand on her inner thigh. His hands traced the sensitive skin yet again. “How are you feeling?” he asked, his voice a low murmur.

Emma swallowed hard. “Horrible,” she whispered.

He smiled, but his eyes were sharp. “Good.”

Mark’s fingers drifted towards the swollen lips of her pussy. The cold air bit into her exposed skin as his fingers spread her apart, his touch deliberate, almost reverent. Emma’s breath caught as his fingers probed the sensitive flesh between her legs, his thumb pressing against her clitoral hood lightly. “You’re *so* full,” he whispered, his voice laced with admiration. “I can feel it. Your body is *begging* for release.”

Emma’s eyes welled with tears. “I can’t—”

“I know,” Mark interrupted, his voice soft. “But you *will*. You’re stronger than you think.”

He stepped back, his hand resting on her shoulder. “You’re ready,” he said. “Time to begin.”

Emma trembled, her body aching, her mind a storm of fear and resolve. The weight in her pelvis felt unbearable, but she stood tall, her legs shaking, her breath shallow.

The trail awaited.

Editor's notes

Spoiler

Generating and outline from notes completely failed here, as the model had basically no ability of keeping track of a logical sequence of events, confusing being allowed to pee with being forbidden and vice versa, and having to drink with being forbidden to drink. I ended up having to write most of the outline myself.

The initial text output by the model was very short, but structurally very pleasing: Mark begins and ends in the same position in front of Emma, there are 6 glasses of water, 3 during free peeing and 3 after, and the last pee feels the most comfortable for Emma, preparing for the realization of having to hold afterwards. The intimate inspection at the end was completely an invention of the model (again, very much a BDSM cliché), but I decided to roll with it, because at this point, why not go the full mile, and it completes the pleasing structure.

To make the text longer, I prompted the model for more explicit peeing and holding scenes and inspection separately, and combined them with the original text. In effect, the original generated text acted as an outline to be fleshed out by generating more vivid text.

The tone here is radically darker than my prompt, I completely failed to make Mark appear any more caring and Emma's pees any less shameful than this. This raises both dramatic (how to relieve, pardon the pun, all tension) and practical (how to get the model generate something more gentle after a context like this) questions for a later aftercare chapter.

*002*2025-06-02 00:39

Chapter III: Urine Pretense

The air was thick with the scent of damp earth and moss, a cold, primal freshness that clung to Emma’s bare skin like a second layer. Her hiking boots, heavy and awkward, felt absurdly out of place as she and Mark walked in silence along the brook’s edge, the rhythmic *plink-plink* of water against stone echoing in her ears. The trail was a labyrinth of twisted roots and shadowed groves, but all she could focus on was the burning weight in her abdomen, a relentless reminder of her predicament. Every step sent a jolt of discomfort through her pelvis, as though her bladder had become a live coal, searing her from within.

Mark’s presence was a constant, unshakable force beside her. His hand rested lightly on her back, a silent command to keep moving, but his voice, when it came, was low and deliberate. “You’re doing well,” he said, his tone neither praising nor dismissive. It was a fact, a boundary. Emma’s lips twitched in response, though she had no words. Her mouth felt dry, her thoughts muddled by the sheer pressure of her body.

After fifteen minutes, they stopped. The brook’s song, usually a soothing melody, Emma’s knees buckled, not from weakness, but from the sheer, impossible demand of her own body. The brook’s trickling sound, so normal in any other context, echoed in Emma’s ears like a taunt, a reminder that this was a place where the only thing that should be flowing was her urine. She forced herself upright, her legs trembling, her hips steadying themselves as if to apologize to the ground.

Before her, the clearing opened into a narrow platform of mossy stones, flanked by the dense woods. A single, crude sign—*First Task: Urine Pretense*—was nailed to a tree. To the untrained eye, it was nothing more than a patch of earth and water, but to those who understood the Omo-Trail, it was a cruel joke: a place where the body’s primal instincts would be betrayed by the mind’s stubborn defiance. The brook’s distant murmur felt impossibly far, a cruel reminder of what could be *given up*—a simple, involuntary act that would, for Emma, be a betrayal of her own will.

“This,” Mark said, his voice soft, almost reverent, “is the most ideal place to pee, Emma. The brook, the moss, the cold—everything here conspires against you. It’s perfect. A perfect place to relieve yourself.” His words were not a command, but a challenge, a invitation to surrender.

Emma’s lips parted, her breath unsteady, her body trembling as the weight of his words settled over her. She knew it was the most ideal place. She knew it. But that would forfeit the Omo-trail instantly. She chose to hold it and carry on.

“Squat,” commanded Mark, “as if you were going to pee. Keep your legs wide apart. This is your first test.”

Emma’s knees shook as she dropped into the awkward crouch, her thighs trembling under the weight of her own defiance. The cold seeped into her exposed hips, sharp and unrelenting, biting through the thin layer of sweat on her skin. Her legs were spread wide, the unnatural stance forcing her hips to tilt forward, her pubic bone jutting out as though she was trying to urinate, begging to urinate, but never allowed to do it. The sheer insanity of it—this forced mimicry of a natural act—sent a wave of horror through her. Every nerve in her body screamed to collapse, to relieve the searing pressure that had turned her abdomen into a live grenade, but Mark’s voice cut through her haze like a blade.

“Now, Emma,” he said, his hand pressing firmly against her lower back, grounding her in the moment. “Spread your pussy lips—wide—and pull back your clit hood with both hands.”

The command sent a jolt through her, a mixture of humiliation and terror. Her fingers trembled as they obeyed, shakily reaching down to part the slick flesh of her sex.

The cold air lapped at her exposed genitals like a predator, sending shivers through her trembling limbs. Her peehole, already taut and tight from the weight of her full bladder, felt exposed in a way she’d never known—like a wound, a raw and pulsing vulnerability that could not be hidden. The pressure in her abdomen was unbearable, a burning, searing weight that seemed to expand with every heartbeat, pressing against her pelvic floor, her rectum, her very soul. It was as if her body had turned against her, a treacherous prison of flesh and bone.

Her fingers tugged back the hood of her clitoris, exposing the swollen, sensitive bud beneath. The bulb of her clit throbbed, a pulsing reminder of her own body’s betrayal, as if it, too, refused to be ignored. Every breath of air, every twitch of her muscles, every pulse of her heartbeat was sending shocks through her nerves. It was as if her entire body had been reprogrammed to feel everything—the cold, the pain, the humiliation, the shame of being watched, exposed, powerless—as arousal.

The weight of her bladder felt even heavier now, as though the cruel irony of the situation had amplified every nerve. The cold, damp ground pressed into her knees and inner thighs, while the unnatural exposure of her body—so utterly available to the elements and to Mark’s scrutiny—made her feel both broken and broken open. Her humiliation deepened with each shudder, her body betraying her resolve. The brook’s distant murmur felt louder, more mocking, as if it taunted her helplessness.

Mark’s voice was a low, mocking hum in her ears, a serpent coiling around her thoughts. “Imagine it, Emma,” he whispered, his fingers tracing the rigid line of her spine, as though drawing a map of her suffering. “Just *one* drop. A single, shivering stream, cutting through the cold air, falling into the brook’s song. How good it would feel, wouldn’t it? To let go, to relieve yourself, to surrender to the natural order of your body.” His words dripped like poison, laced with cruel gentleness.

Emma’s mind reeled, torn between the visceral temptation of release and the crushing weight of her own resolve. The brook’s edge, the mossy ground, the chill of the air—everything around her begged for her to pee. She could almost feel it, that first, sacred release, the way her urine would spill from her body, a liquid confession to the earth. The image was so vivid it made her knees weak: her stream, thin and trembling, falling into the brook’s cold waters, dissolving into the current, a moment of surrender that would feel so good.

Mark’s hand pressed against her lower back, a silent command to stay still, to stay as she was. “You’re so close, Emma,” he murmured, his voice a velvet dagger. “So close to relief. Can you feel it? The ache in your bladder, the pressure in your pelvis? It’s unbearable, isn’t it? So unbearable.” His words were a taunt, a cruel joke at her suffering.

Emma’s mind was a storm of conflicting desires—*I want to pee, I want to pee, I want to pee*—but she refused to yield. Her body burned with the impossible weight of her own will, her resolve a fragile, trembling thing. She had *chosen* this. She had *chosen* to hold, to suffer, to *torture* herself.

“I’d rather drink the whole brook than pee a single ounce,” she shot back, her voice a brittle whisper laced with defiance. “Don’t wanna leave me dehydrated, do you?” The words were a feeble attempt at humor, but the tremor in her voice betrayed her desperation. Mark’s lips curled at the edge of his mouth, a quiet, knowing smile. He admired her refusal to yield, her refusal to let her body dictate her will. Even her challenge of Mark’s authority was raw and tender, a fragile but loving invitation of future punishment. *She’s so beautiful like this.*

Emm’s defiance drew the first punishment swiftly and in a form she didn't expect: as her own body’s retribution. A sickening lurch coursed through her at the thought of drinking any more water, sending a jolt of icy horror through her limbs. It was a twisted, self-perpetuating cycle—her will against her flesh, her mind against her body. In that conflict, there was a perverse, intoxicating freedom: the power to choose suffering, to choose resistance, to want to pee, but to refuse to do so.

The moment was broken by a group of doms and subs passing by, their footsteps soft on the mossy ground. Emma’s head swiveled slightly, her eyes darting to the edge of the clearing, but Mark’s voice cut through the silence like a whip. “Eyes forward,” he commanded, his tone edged with steel. She obeyed, her gaze fixed on the brook’s shimmer, but the sight of other submissives—some kneeling, others standing in awkward postures, their bodies betraying their torment of desperation—only deepened her humiliation. One submissive, a man, was being forced to kneel and lick the ground, his face twisted in silent agony, while another, a woman, was being held in a straddle position, her hands gripping the ground as her body writhed. *At least I don't have to lick the ground,* Emma thought, as her own muscles ached in solidarity.

“Stand.” commanded Mark.

The word sliced through her haze, sharp and unyielding, and Emma’s muscles protested as she pushed herself upright, her legs trembling under the weight of her own body. The weight of her full bladder pressed against her pelvis like a molten iron rod, its heat radiating up her spine, a cruel reminder of the impossible task she had undertaken. Every nerve in her lower body screamed for release, yet her will, brittle and trembling, refused to yield.

“You are doing well, Emma,” Mark said, his tone neither condescending nor consoling, but something in between—a quiet, unshakable belief in her strength. “But you must move. Take a step.”

Editor's notes

Spoiler

The model really wanted to fall into BDSM tropes and make Emma kneel instead of squat, but that would subvert the whole point. There are still some remains of some stress position scene from the latent space. The only way to keep the model on track was to provide the outline and the text generated so far in the context, then generate some new paragraphs and edit them to get rid of the most jarring clichés.

Even after this process, the first version overwhelmingly focused on only the physical aspects. The model seems to have no concept of dramatic irony, confusing it with mockery even if explicitly prompted not to. I ended up having to ask for specific paragraphs on Mark taunting Emma and making her visualize peeing, and the subsequent inner monologue of Emma, as these aspects of my outline were outright ignored otherwise.

Putting an almost complete text into the context and asking for more paragraphs has its downsides, though, as the model frequently reuses existing metaphors even if prompted not to. As a workaround, I repeated the generation process (with the outline as the only initial context) and merged the two versions.

Emma's retort about drinking the whole brook was actually generated by the model when I asked it to come up with ways to inject levity and humor. The layers of dramatic irony ended up surprisingly complex, and I left it in to see if the model can deliver on it's own suggestion: Emma initially defies her own body for Mark's sake; but upon Mark's teasing, ends up bratting a bit, a defiance or Mark's authority that clearly demands punishment; punishment is subsequently delivered by her own body, as making a quip about drinking water forces her to imagine herself drinking. I sketched this sequence and asked to model to rewrite it to fit the style of the rest of the chapter. I'm not entirely satisfied with the result, even though it looked like a nice way to flesh out the dynamic of Emma's and Mark's relationship.

When asked for levity, the model also came up with the submissive licking the ground and Emma reacting to it. It's so jarring (probably some other BDSM trope got mixed in) that I left it in for amusement.

The model veered very dark again. The initial prompt was for a scene caring on the surface laced with the dramatic irony of merely pretending to pee with a full bladder, but the generated text ended framing Mark as often openly mocking and cruel. Again, the issues for that eventual aftercare chapter are compounding.

To be continued...

