A Padawan On The Run — A Star Wars Story

Author: EasyPezePhoebe

*000*2022-07-02 12:37

Chapter 0: Prologue

The sound of speeders above screamed out in the industrial streets of the underground of coruscant, and one, young, teenage girl, one that was only just newly eighteen, walked through the harsh streets, a cloak that was way too big for her was wrapped around her, hiding her head from view, and under that, was a small prong-like device, a lightsaber.

Though it wasn’t hers, it had been her master’s, a master she had loved very much, who was long, long gone now, someone who seemed as if she was like a mother to her, but she wasn’t, attachments weren’t allowed in the order, they never had been.

She needed to locate a way to escape the dreaded planet, one that was very much alive with her enemies, with inquisitors, she wasn’t safe here, who knew if she would be safe anywhere, but she definitely wasn’t safe here.

Another need had made itself present minutes ago, a dying need to relieve herself, she could feel the pressure of her stomach pressing against her belt, one which held her only line of defence, but she wasn’t sure how long she had left until the worse began to happen, she walked faster, feeling her bladder throb and ache with each, painful step.

"Oh god this..this hurts."

Her words were quiet and weak, her bladder ached more than it ever had before, and she knew an accident could happen, they usually did when she held it too long, and sleeping wasn’t an option if she wanted to stay alive, and dry either.

(I know, such a short chapter! but I just want to see if there’s any interest whatsoever in this story.)

*003*2022-07-02 20:40

Chapter 1: Escape

She trudged on further, every step causing her bladder to tingle, but it had gone so far that it didn’t seem like pain, rather…a begging feeling, the begging of release, her legs shook underneath the cloak, but she couldn’t show fear, or weakness, lest she risk being caught.

She knew finding a ship would be impossible, at least right now, and that meant she had to find a place to stay, and that meant money, which made the hapless trip of trying to find a ship, suddenly more attractive.

On her next step, however, she felt her bladder spasm, and an excruciating pain spread through her abdomen and her privates, one that felt as if it would buckle her knees beneath her should she not focus on it. She doubled over in pain from it, but it did little to stop the strong spurt of liquid she felt spread, a small warmth in the cold, skin-biting breeze of the underground, her hands immediately slipped under her cloak, and then under the pants she wore, pressing against what underwear she was wearing, she could feel the dampness around her throbbing parts, it had been a strong spurt, and this time, her fingers were soaked by a second, stronger spurt, which spread softly into her panties before it turned like a jet hose, for maybe just a split second, before she grasped control of it, some of, though not all, of the wetness, caught on her hand.

She knew she needed to move, and that was what she did, slipping into a dark alleyway as she bounded on the balls of her feet uncomfortably, her legs shaking with the effort of holding her piss in.

As soon as she was out of sight, her bladder took an opportunity, and she felt not a spurt, but a whole stream escape her this time, soaking straight through her panties and her fingers and across the crotch of her pants.

She didn’t have long to adjust, feeling yet another wave hit her, and an even stronger spurt escaped this time, soaking the pants more, but this time it didn’t stop, instead, it turned into a slow stream, which gradually picked up in speed until she was flooding herself.

“Oh god, oh fucking god.” She thought to herself as she felt her bladder lose any strength it had left, and she had to furiously rip her pants down to her knees, they were already soaked, and squat, allowing the stream to explode now, spreading across her crotch, and riding up her backside and soaking her panties, if by sheer bad luck, it didn’t stop parts leaking onto her pants, she had wet herself for the first time, while awake, in almost ten years.

*005*2022-07-03 22:43

{{1 hour ago, h1234 said:

Great story, your a fantastic writer!

}}

Thank you so much!

{{On 7/2/2022 at 6:47 PM, Roronoa Zoro said:

I'm interested in what happens next story

}}

I’m glad you are! the next chapter will be out soon.

{{On 7/2/2022 at 2:01 PM, Seifer69 said:

Looking forward to reading more of this

}}

Happy you are, hope you enjoy the next chapter!

